al	-	zaman	:	american	forces	killed	shaikh	abdullah	al	-	ani	,	the	preacher	at	the	mosque	in	the	town	of	qaim	,	near	the	syrian	border	.
[	this	killing	of	a	respected	cleric	will	be	causing	us	trouble	for	years	to	come	.	]
dpa	:	iraqi	authorities	announced	that	they	had	busted	up	3	terrorist	cells	operating	in	baghdad	.
two	of	them	were	being	run	by	2	officials	of	the	ministry	of	the	interior	!
the	moi	in	iraq	is	equivalent	to	the	us	fbi	,	so	this	would	be	like	having	j.	edgar	hoover	unwittingly	employ	at	a	high	level	members	of	the	weathermen	bombers	back	in	the	1960s	.
the	third	was	being	run	by	the	head	of	an	investment	firm	.
you	wonder	if	he	was	manipulating	the	market	with	his	bombing	targets	.
the	cells	were	operating	in	the	ghazaliyah	and	al	-	jihad	districts	of	the	capital	.
although	the	announcement	was	probably	made	to	show	progress	in	identifying	and	breaking	up	terror	cells	,	i	do	n't	find	the	news	that	the	baathists	continue	to	penetrate	the	iraqi	government	very	hopeful	.
it	reminds	me	too	much	of	the	arvn	officers	who	were	secretly	working	for	the	other	side	in	vietnam	.
al	-	zaman	:	guerrillas	killed	a	member	of	the	kurdistan	democratic	party	after	kidnapping	him	in	mosul	.
the	police	commander	of	ninevah	province	announced	that	bombings	had	declined	80	percent	in	mosul	,	whereas	there	had	been	a	big	jump	in	the	number	of	kidnappings	.
on	wednesday	guerrillas	had	kidnapped	a	cosmetic	surgeon	and	his	wife	while	they	were	on	their	way	home	.
in	suwayrah	,	kut	province	,	two	car	bombs	were	discovered	before	they	could	be	detonated	.
-lrb-	kut	is	in	southeastern	iraq	and	has	an	overwhelmingly	shiite	population	,	who	are	on	the	lookout	for	baathist	saboteurs	and	willingly	turn	them	in	.
this	willingness	is	the	main	difference	in	the	number	of	bombings	in	the	south	as	opposed	to	the	center	-	north	of	the	country	.	-rrb-
in	baghdad	kadhim	talal	husain	,	assistant	dean	at	the	school	of	education	at	mustansiriyah	university	,	was	assassinated	with	his	driver	in	the	salikh	district	.
guerrillas	killed	an	engineer	,	asi	ali	,	from	tikrit	.
they	also	killed	shaikh	hamid	'akkab	,	a	clan	elder	of	a	branch	of	the	dulaim	tribe	in	tikrit	.
his	mother	was	also	killed	in	the	attack	.
two	other	dulaim	leaders	have	been	killed	in	the	past	week	and	a	half	.
guerrillas	near	hawijah	launched	an	attack	that	left	6	dead	,	including	4	iraqi	soldiers	.
one	of	them	was	from	the	jubur	tribe	and	was	deputy	commander	of	the	hawijah	garrison	.
two	hundred	members	of	the	batawi	clan	of	the	dulaim	demonstrated	in	baghdad	on	friday	,	protesting	the	killing	of	their	clan	elder	,	shaikh	kadhim	sarhid	and	4	of	his	sons	,	by	gunmen	wearing	iraqi	army	uniforms	.
-lrb-	this	is	a	largely	sunni	arab	clan	,	and	some	sunni	observers	have	accused	shiite	elements	in	the	government	of	being	behind	the	assassination	;	it	is	more	likely	the	work	of	sunni	arab	guerrillas	punishing	the	batawi	leaders	for	cooperating	with	the	dec.	15	elections	.	-rrb-
al	-	zaman	:	the	iraqi	high	electoral	commission	on	friday	denied	a	request	of	the	debaathification	commission	to	exclude	51	individuals	from	running	on	party	lists	in	the	dec.	15	elections	on	grounds	of	having	been	sufficiently	involved	in	baath	activities	to	warrant	their	being	excluded	from	civil	office	.
the	commission	said	it	had	no	legal	grounds	for	such	an	exclusion	.
this	item	is	a	small	one	and	easily	missed	.
but	in	my	view	it	is	highly	significant	.
the	debaathification	commission	had	been	pushed	by	ahmad	chalabi	and	his	iraqi	national	congress	very	hard	,	and	had	pushed	many	sunni	arabs	into	the	arms	of	the	guerrillas	.
chalabi	has	been	increasingly	marginalized	within	iraq	,	however	,	despite	his	ties	of	clientelage	with	washington	and	tehran	.
he	is	no	longer	in	the	dominant	shiite	list	,	the	united	iraqi	alliance	,	and	wo	n't	have	many	seats	in	the	new	parliament	.
some	2,000	junior	officers	of	the	old	baath	army	have	been	recalled	to	duty	in	recent	months	,	something	chalabi	would	have	blocked	if	he	could	have	.
now	the	electoral	commission	is	refusing	to	punish	people	for	mere	past	baath	party	membership	.
the	situation	in	iraq	is	only	going	to	get	better	this	way	.
if	someone	committed	a	crime	against	humanity	,	prosecute	the	person	.
if	he	or	she	did	not	,	then	they	should	have	all	the	same	rights	as	other	iraqis	.
al	-	sharq	al	-	awsat	reports	that	a	key	eyewitness	in	the	trial	of	saddam	hussein	for	a	1982	massacre	at	dujail	has	died	.
a	team	from	the	court	managed	to	take	his	deposition	before	he	died	.
the	trial	begins	again	nov.	28	.
in	baghdad	the	fighting	still	continues	in	several	areas	,	mostly	in	sadr	city	and	adhamiya	.
baghdadis	do	n't	venture	much	out	of	their	neighbourhoods	any	more	,	you	never	know	where	you	might	get	stuck	.
there	has	been	talk	that	the	night	curfew	might	be	implemented	again	.
my	neighbourhood	has	been	surrounded	by	american	troops	for	three	days	now	,	helicopters	have	been	circling	over	our	heads	non-stop	.
fedayeen	are	now	visible	on	the	street	and	they	have	become	bolder	than	ever	.
yesterday	there	were	tens	of	them	putting	road	blocks	on	our	street	and	setting	up	mortars	,	they	only	come	out	in	the	open	when	americans	leave	the	area	,	then	they	start	firing	mortars	indiscriminately	and	shooting	their	ak	-	47's	in	the	air	.
they	are	setting	the	road	blocks	at	the	exact	same	positions	they	were	during	the	war	last	year	,	which	indicates	they	are	the	same	people	.
and	there	is	nothing	we	can	do	about	it	really	,	people	who	are	suggesting	that	we	go	out	and	fight	them	are	living	in	dream	land	.
even	the	ip	and	icdc	have	abandoned	the	neighbourhood	,	and	those	are	trained	and	armed	,	so	do	n't	expect	scared	civilians	to	do	anything	except	to	hide	inside	and	pray	a	helicopter	or	a	tank	does	n't	bomb	them	,	and	also	how	are	american	soldiers	going	to	distinguish	the	brave	and	valiant	civilians	from	the	fedayeen	?
everyone	is	apprehensive	,	there	is	some	talk	that	april	9th	and	10th	are	going	to	be	bloody	days	.
most	people	have	n't	gone	to	work	the	last	few	days	,	although	it	seems	that	the	rest	of	baghdad	is	'	normal	'	-lrb-	if	you	can	define	what	normal	is	-rrb-	.
there	are	rumours	about	preparations	by	slum	dwellers	for	another	looting	spree	against	banks	,	governmental	and	public	property	similar	to	the	one	that	took	place	last	april	,	and	i	have	already	overheard	youngsters	in	my	neighbourhood	joking	about	it	and	saying	things	like	"	this	time	we	will	be	the	first	to	loot	,	we	did	n't	get	anything	the	last	time	"	.
mosques	are	calling	for	donating	blood	,	food	,	and	medicine	for	fallujah	,	and	several	convoys	have	already	headed	out	for	fallujah	,	most	of	them	returned	later	though	.
what	irritates	me	is	this	sudden	false	'	solidarity	'	between	sunni	and	shi'ite	clerics	,	we	all	know	that	they	would	be	glad	to	get	at	each	other	s	throats	when	they	have	the	chance	,	and	shia	clerics	were	describing	fallujan	insurgents	as	'	ba'athists	'	,	'	saddamites	'	,	'	wahhabis	'	,	and	'	terrorists	'	just	a	few	days	ago	.
so	what	happened	?
i	guess	it	's	just	the	old	new	arab	'	me	against	my	brother	,	me	and	my	brother	against	my	cousin	,	me	and	my	cousin	against	my	enemy	'	,	or	'	the	enemy	of	my	enemy	is	my	friend	'	thing	going	on	again	.
speaking	of	fallujah	,	we	have	only	al	-	jazeera	to	rely	on	for	our	news	from	there	.
they	have	sent	over	their	top	reporter	ahmed	mansour	to	the	town	,	and	he	is	spouting	all	kinds	of	propaganda	hourly	reminding	me	of	al	-	sahhaf	.
"	they	are	targetting	ambulances	"	,	"	american	snipers	are	shooting	children	and	pregnant	women	"	,	and	"	they	are	using	cluster	bombs	against	civilians	"	is	all	you	get	to	hear	from	him	.
he	did	once	make	an	unforgivable	error	when	he	mentioned	that	fallujan	militants	were	shooting	at	the	marines	from	the	roofs	of	mosques	and	houses	in	hay	al	-	golan	,	but	of	course	that	is	okay	for	al	-	jazeera	.
someone	who	called	himself	abu	hafs	from	the	ibn	al	-	khattab	brigades	-lrb-	another	new	group	-rrb-	was	on	al	-	jazeera	describing	the	enormous	casualties	among	the	marines	and	he	sweared	that	american	soldiers	were	mutilating	the	bodies	of	dead	insurgents	.
over	300	iraqis	are	reported	dead	and	500	wounded	in	fallujah	alone	.
al	-	iraqiyah	tv	said	that	icdc	were	controlling	ramadi	.
azzaman	newspaper	mentioned	an	announcement	signed	by	abdul	aziz	bin	muqrin	,	an	al	-	qaeda	operative	in	saudi	arabia	on	an	islamic	website	'	the	voice	of	jihad	'	,	in	which	he	stated	that	"	although	mutilating	dead	bodies	is	not	originally	permitted	in	islam	,	but	in	this	case	it	is	allowed	if	muslims	use	it	against	infidels	to	deter	them	from	committing	criminal	actions	"	.
he	added	that	"	america	does	not	understand	anything	except	the	language	of	force	and	retaliation	,	they	were	kicked	out	of	somalia	in	humiliation	after	that	soldier	was	dragged	in	mogadishu	for	the	whole	world	to	see	"	,	and	that	"	the	day	will	come	when	the	dead	bodies	of	americans	and	jews	would	be	dragged	,	defiled	,	and	stepped	on	in	the	arabian	peninsula	together	with	their	agents	and	supporters	"	.
elena	's	motorcycle	tour	through	the	region	around	chernobyl	has	revived	interest	in	one	of	the	most	serious	nuclear	disasters	in	history	.
we	all	know	what	happened	,	but	even	to	this	day	,	there	are	many	different	versions	and	opinions	on	how	it	happened	and	what	effect	chernobyl	will	have	on	the	health	of	people	affected	by	the	fallout	.
update	:
now	you	can	tour	chernobyl	and	write	your	own	story	.
this	is	not	a	post	about	fault	-	finding	or	assigning	blame	.
it	is	a	time	to	learn	what	happened	and	how	it	may	affect	the	future	.
there	was	a	soothing	authoritative	unscear	-lrb-	united	nations	scientific	committee	on	the	effects	of	atomic	radiation	-rrb-	report	in	2000	on	the	health	effects	of	chernobyl	confirming	that	there	was	no	scientific	evidence	of	any	significant	radiation	-	related	health	effects	to	most	people	exposed	.
this	was	heavily	promoted	by	the	australasian	radiation	protection	society	in	a	press	release	titled	the	myths	of	chernobyl	which	contained	the	following	:
one	of	the	most	widespread	myths	of	recent	times	is	that	the	chernobyl	nuclear	reactor	accident	in	1986	caused	many	thousands	of	extra	cancer	deaths	in	neighbouring	regions	,	and	that	public	health	has	been	severely	affected	by	exposure	to	radiation	.
many	people	still	believe	that	to	be	true	,	even	though	the	ministry	of	russian	federation	on	civil	defence	,	emergencies	and	elimination	of	conseguences	of	natural	disasters	-lrb-	emercom	of	russia	-rrb-	reported	this	in	1996	:
chernobyl	accident	:	ten	years	on
in	the	last	decade	,	there	has	been	a	real	and	significant	increase	in	childhood	and	,	to	a	certain	extent	,	adult	carcinoma	of	the	thyroid	in	contaminated	regions	of	the	former	soviet	union	-lrb-	wi940	-rrb-	which	should	be	attributed	to	the	chernobyl	accident	until	proven	otherwise	.
the	prestigious	iaea	-lrb-	international	atomic	energy	agency	-rrb-	published	an	early	report	on	chernobyl	which	was	based	on	information	from	russian	sources	and	stated	that	there	was	no	significant	health	effects	.
however	,	in	april	2001	,	the	iaea	published	fifteen	years	after	the	chernobyl	accident	-	lessons	learned	.	which	contradict	the	earlier	reports	.
here	are	some	excerpts	:
the	dramatic	increase	in	radiation	-	induced	thyroid	cancers	in	children	and	adolescents	in	belarus	,	russia	,	and	ukraine	,	which	have	been	observed	since	1991	,	continues	to	this	day	.
...	a	drop	in	the	birth	rate	,	a	deterioration	in	women	's	reproductive	health	,	an	increase	in	complications	during	pregnancy	and	birth	,	and	a	deterioration	in	neonatal	health	....
the	dynamics	of	change	in	the	state	of	health	of	children	affected	by	the	chernobyl	accident	in	all	three	countries	-	belarus	,	russia	,	and	ukraine	-	in	the	post-accident	period	is	characterized	by	persistent	negative	tendencies	:	the	morbidity	rate	is	going	up	,	the	number	of	really	healthy	children	is	dropping	,	and	disability	is	increasing	.
as	a	parent	,	i	can	well	imagine	how	painful	it	must	be	for	those	families	whose	children	are	succumbing	to	radiation	poisoning	.
there	is	a	lot	to	learn	about	chernobyl	.
being	well	-	informed	will	give	you	certainty	and	that	is	desirable	in	a	world	of	conflicting	reports	.
there	are	a	wealth	of	references	on	chernobyl	.
read	some	of	the	following	links	and	draw	your	own	conclusions	.
these	links	present	the	many	viewpoints	that	existed	and	still	exist	about	the	disaster	called	chernobyl	:
iaea	report	lessons	learned
http://www.ibiblio.org/expo/soviet.exhibit/chernobyl.html
http://www.ibrae.ac.ru/ibrae/eng/chernobyl/nat_rep/nat_repe.htm#24
http://www.nsrl.ttu.edu/chernobyl/wildlifepreserve.htm
http://www.environmentalchemistry.com/yogi/hazmat/articles/chernobyl1.html
http://digon_va.tripod.com/chernobyl.htm
http://www.oneworld.org/index_oc/issue196/byckau.html
http://www.collectinghistory.net/chernobyl/
http://www.ukrainianweb.com/chernobyl_ukraine.htm
http://www.bullatomsci.org/issues/1993/s93/s93marples.html
http://www.calguard.ca.gov/ia/chernobyl-15%20years.htm
http://www.infoukes.com/history/chornobyl/gregorovich/index.html
http://www.un.org/ha/chernobyl/
http://www.tecsoc.org/pubs/history/2002/apr26.htm
http://www.chernobyl.org.uk/page2.htm
http://www.time.com/time/daily/chernobyl/860901.accident.html
http://www.infoukes.com/history/chornobyl/elg/
http://www.world-nuclear.org/info/chernobyl/inf07.htm
http://www.nea.fr/html/rp/chernobyl/conclusions5.html
http://www.nea.fr/html/rp/chernobyl/c01.html
http://www.nea.fr/html/rp/chernobyl/c05.html
http://www.physics.isu.edu/radinf/chern.htm
http://www.chernobyl.info/en
http://www.arps.org.au/chernobyl.htm
http://www-formal.stanford.edu/jmc/progress/chernobyl.html
http://www.21stcenturysciencetech.com/articles/chernobyl.html
i	would	be	interested	in	hearing	what	conclusions	you	reached	and	what	you	found	that	was	most	convincing	.
radiation	:
as	a	child	in	the	50's	i	had	a	lot	of	glandular	problems	and	they	treated	it	with	radiation	therapy	-lrb-	primitive	at	best	!	-rrb-	and	stopped	when	a	lesion	on	my	neck	started	enlarging	--	they	said	it	was	not	ca	but	stopped	the	treatments	....
remember	the	old	shoe	sizing	machines	that	was	a	form	of	radiation	xray	?
that	too	was	stopped	.
do	n't	have	to	mention	what	radiation	has	done	and	is	still	doing	to	hirsohima	&	nagaski	folks	--	there	can	be	no	doubts	about	the	effects	of	radiation	in	chernobyl	.......
the	chernobyl	children	's	project	-lrb-	http://www.adiccp.org/home/default.asp	-rrb-	offers	several	ways	to	help	the	children	of	that	region	.
one	of	them	is	the	rest	and	recuperation	program	,	wherein	a	child	can	come	to	the	us	for	a	few	weeks	in	the	summer	.
even	a	little	time	spent	receiving	wholesome	,	uncontaminated	food	,	good	medical	care	,	etc.	can	add	years	to	their	lives	.
s.	and	i	have	an	acquaintance	who	has	hosted	several	of	these	children	for	many	years	;	to	see	these	little	ones	breaks	the	heart	.
the	urge	to	protect	and	gather	them	all	in	is	almost	overwhelming	,	and	makes	me	more	grateful	for	the	blessings	i	have	.
take	care	,	my	friend	,	linda
i	'm	sorry	to	say	elena	's	story	has	been	revealed	to	be	a	fake	.
what	do	the	new	al	-	qaeda	videotape	and	audio	speeches	of	bin	laden	and	ayman	al	-	zawahiri	tell	us	about	the	hopes	of	the	remaining	top	leadership	of	the	organization	?
because	the	us	and	pakistan	have	managed	to	capture	or	kill	about	2	/	3s	of	the	top	25	al	-	qaeda	commanders	,	the	middle	managers	are	not	in	close	contact	with	al	-	zawahiri	and	bin	laden	.
the	tape	was	a	way	to	signal	priorities	.
these	are	1	-rrb-	assassinate	or	overthrow	gen.	pervez	musharraf	,	the	pakistani	military	"	president	"	who	had	made	a	coup	in	1999	and	has	thrown	in	his	lot	with	the	united	states	against	the	taliban	and	al	-	qaeda	.
musharraf	has	been	trying	to	purge	his	officer	corps	of	the	substantial	number	of	al	-	qaeda	sympathizers	.
his	military	intelligence	has	captured	major	figures	like	abu	zubayda	and	khalid	shaykh	muhammad	,	as	well	as	nearly	500	other	al	-	qaeda	operatives	,	over	400	of	whom	the	pakistanis	have	turned	over	to	the	us	.
musharraf	held	elections	in	october	of	2002	,	in	which	center	-	right	parties	did	well	,	but	in	which	nearly	20	percent	of	parliament	seats	went	to	the	fundamentalist	religious	party	coalition	,	mma	.
mma	also	captured	the	northwest	frontier	province	,	which	probably	shelters	bin	laden	and	al	-	zawahiri	,	and	is	in	a	joint	government	of	baluchistan	province	,	also	on	the	afghanistan	border	.
if	al	-	qaeda	can	kill	musharraf	or	instigate	a	military	coup	against	him	by	islamist	junior	officers	,	they	can	hope	to	catapult	the	mma	to	power	as	political	allies	and	hosts	.
they	would	thereby	gain	control	of	a	major	base	for	terrorist	operations	,	which	is	also	a	nuclear	power	.
all	this	is	highly	unlikely	,	as	with	most	al	-	qaeda	crackpot	schemes	.
but	so	was	it	unlikely	that	a	small	group	of	arab	mujahidin	would	virtually	take	over	afghanistan	.
response	:	the	us	must	do	whatever	it	can	to	strengthen	the	legitimacy	of	the	pakistani	government	.
on	the	one	hand	,	it	should	pressure	musharraf	to	take	off	his	uniform	and	run	for	president	in	a	fair	election	,	and	to	repeal	the	contentious	"	legal	framework	order	"	that	essentially	perpetuates	his	dictatorship	.
on	the	other	,	restrictions	should	be	lifted	on	the	mainstream	muslim	league	-	n	and	pakistan	people	's	party	,	who	can	defeat	the	mma	in	fair	elections	if	not	hogtied	by	the	secret	police	.
on	the	other	hand	,	the	us	should	strong	-	arm	india	and	pakistan	into	a	final	settlement	of	the	kashmir	issue	.
al	-	zawahiri	attempted	to	use	musharraf	's	lack	of	progress	in	helping	the	muslims	of	that	indian	state	as	a	justification	for	his	overthrow	.
the	kashmir	issue	generates	far	more	terrorism	,	and	even	the	threat	of	nuclear	war	,	than	iraq	ever	did	.
2	-rrb-	target	israel	and	encourage	the	worst	elements	of	the	palestinians	by	playing	on	the	iron	fist	policies	of	the	sharon	government	.
response	:	the	us	has	succeeded	in	politically	isolating	hamas	,	and	started	the	process	of	cutting	off	its	funding	.
this	terrorist	organization	can	now	only	pull	off	far	less	sophisticated	bombings	and	attacks	.
it	should	continue	to	be	defanged	.
but	sharon	's	iron	fist	is	simply	not	working	as	a	means	of	establishing	general	peace	,	and	the	bush	administration	will	have	to	finally	apply	effective	pressure	on	sharon	to	stop	his	outrages	in	and	colonization	of	the	west	bank	and	gaza	.
sharon	's	hard	line	has	worked	in	tandem	with	hamas	's	terrorism	to	ratchet	up	tensions	further	and	further	,	which	spill	over	into	the	muslim	world	and	serve	as	a	recruiting	tool	for	al	-	qaeda	in	its	search	for	agents	willing	to	hit	the	united	states	.
israel	owes	the	united	states	at	least	this	much	,	in	this	crisis	,	to	cease	militarily	unnecessary	provocations	and	establish	genuine	peace	.
3	-rrb-	make	iraq	another	afghanistan	,	using	the	republican	right	's	own	tactics	against	them	.
response	:	iraq	is	actually	hostile	territory	for	al	-	qaeda	,	and	without	iraqi	sympathizers	it	can	not	succeed	there	.
by	moving	quickly	to	iraqi	sovereignty	and	improvement	of	iraqi	lives	,	the	us	may	be	able	to	get	iraqis	on	its	side	,	so	that	they	turn	in	the	foreigners	.
certainly	,	the	shiites	already	hate	al	-	qaeda	and	would	help	;	likewise	the	kurds	.
the	problem	of	mollifying	the	sunnis	,	though	,	has	to	be	solved	to	avoid	giving	al	-	qaeda	an	entree	.
the	americans	have	to	put	away	their	free	-	market	fetishism	for	a	while	and	find	ways	of	creating	jobs	and	pumping	money	into	iraqi	households	.
we	need	an	fdr	in	iraq	,	not	a	ronald	reagan	.
of	course	,	the	sooner	the	us	soldiers	can	be	withdrawn	in	favor	of	less	-	provocative	local	or	international	forces	,	the	better	.
getting	the	spanish	out	of	iraq	is	n't	nearly	as	good	a	rallying	cry	for	al	-	qaeda	in	the	arab	world	as	getting	the	americans	and	british	out	.
the	thing	to	keep	in	mind	is	that	sunni	arab	nationalists	and	baathists	and	local	sunni	radicals	are	likely	to	remain	far	more	dangerous	to	the	us	in	iraq	than	al	-	qaeda	infiltrators	,	and	it	would	be	dangerous	to	take	one	's	eyes	off	the	former	ball	.
george	w.	bush	alleged	thursday	that	john	edwards	lacks	the	experience	necessary	to	be	president	.
the	problem	with	this	argument	is	that	bush	lacked	the	experience	necessary	to	be	president	when	he	ran	in	2000	,	so	this	sort	of	cheap	shot	just	hoists	him	by	his	own	petard	.
let	's	just	remember	a	seminal	bush	moment	in	1999	:
'	bush	fails	reporter	's	pop	quiz	on	international	leaders
november	5	,	1999
web	posted	at	:	3:29	p.m.	est	-lrb-	2029	gmt	-rrb-
washington	-lrb-	cnn	-rrb-	--
texas	gov.	george	w.	bush	is	enduring	sharp	criticism	for	being	unable	to	name	the	leaders	of	four	current	world	hot	spots	,	but	president	bill	clinton	says	bush	"	should	,	and	probably	will	,	pick	up	"	those	names	.
the	front	-	runner	for	the	2000	republican	presidential	nomination	faltered	thursday	in	an	international	affairs	pop	quiz	posed	by	andy	hiller	,	a	political	reporter	for	whdh	-	tv	in	boston	.
bush
hiller	asked	bush	to	name	the	leaders	of	chechnya	,	taiwan	,	india	and	pakistan	.
bush	was	only	able	to	give	a	partial	response	to	the	query	on	the	leader	of	taiwan	,	referring	to	taiwanese	president	lee	teng	-	hui	simply	as	"	lee	.	"
he	could	not	name	the	others	.
"	can	you	name	the	general	who	is	in	charge	of	pakistan	?	"
hiller	asked	,	inquiring	about	gen.	pervaiz	musharraf	,	who	seized	control	of	the	country	october	12	.
"	wait	,	wait	,	is	this	50	questions	?	"	asked	bush	.
hiller	replied	:	"	no	,	it	's	four	questions	of	four	leaders	in	four	hot	spots	.	"	.	.	.
bush	,	in	answering	the	question	about	the	leader	of	pakistan	,	also	said	:	"	the	new	pakistani	general	,	he	's	just	been	elected	--	not	elected	,	this	guy	took	over	office	.
it	appears	this	guy	is	going	to	bring	stability	to	the	country	and	i	think	that	's	good	news	for	the	subcontinent	.	"
gore	released	a	statement	friday	taking	bush	to	task	for	his	comments	on	pakistan	's	recent	coup	.
"	i	find	it	troubling	that	a	candidate	for	president	in	our	country	--	the	world	's	oldest	democracy	--	would	characterize	the	military	takeover	as	"	good	news	,	"	gore	said	.
"	further	,	i	find	it	even	more	disturbing	that	he	made	these	comments	about	a	nation	that	just	last	year	tested	nuclear	weapons	--	shortly	after	voicing	his	public	opposition	to	the	comprehensive	test	ban	treaty	.
a	spokesman	for	president	clinton	also	criticized	bush	's	comments	.
"	it	is	very	dangerous	for	this	country	to	condone	the	overthrow	of	democratically	elected	governments	,	"	said	david	leavy	,	spokesman	for	the	national	security	council	.
not	only	did	bush	not	know	who	general	pervez	musharraf	was	,	he	seems	to	have	confused	coup	-	making	with	"	taking	office	,	"	and	moreover	went	on	to	suggest	that	the	overthrow	of	an	elected	prime	minister	and	the	installation	in	power	of	the	pakistan	military	,	then	the	world	's	strongest	supporter	of	the	taliban	,	would	bring	"	stability	!	"
musharraf	made	his	coup	in	part	because	of	the	military	's	anger	over	prime	minister	nawaz	sharif	's	willingness	to	back	down	from	confronting	india	over	kashmir	,	so	that	he	explicitly	came	to	power	as	a	warmonger	.
i	ca	n't	tell	you	how	ominous	i	found	bush	's	performance	in	that	interview	.
i	still	remember	him	stuttering	about	"	the	general	,	"	unable	to	remember	musharraf	's	name	.
he	obviously	had	no	idea	what	he	was	talking	about	,	though	he	demonstrated	a	number	of	ill	-	fated	instincts	.
he	obviously	liked	authoritarian	rule	better	than	democracy	,	equating	dictatorship	with	"	stability	.	"
and	,	he	did	n't	think	he	needed	to	know	anything	about	south	asia	,	with	its	nuclear	giants	and	radical	religious	politics	--	the	latter	a	dire	security	threat	to	the	us	.
he	could	n't	tell	when	things	were	becoming	more	unstable	as	opposed	to	less	.
musharraf	went	on	to	play	nuclear	brinkmanship	with	india	in	2002	,	risking	war	twice	that	year	.
although	musharraf	did	turn	against	the	taliban	after	september	11	,	under	extreme	duress	from	the	us	,	elements	of	his	military	continued	to	support	radical	islamism	and	have	recently	been	implicated	in	assassination	attempts	on	musharraf	himself	.
this	was	the	body	that	bush	proclaimed	was	bringing	"	stability	"	to	the	region	in	fall	of	1999	.
so	,	one	answer	to	bush	's	charge	about	edwards	is	that	if	it	had	any	merit	,	bush	should	have	declined	to	run	himself	.
another	answer	is	that	edwards	certainly	knows	far	more	about	foreign	affairs	now	than	bush	did	then	.
indeed	,	given	how	bush	has	rampaged	around	the	world	alienating	allies	and	ignoring	vital	conflicts	with	the	potential	to	blow	back	on	the	us	,	one	might	well	argue	that	edwards	knows	more	now	than	bush	does	.
this	is	what	edwards	'	campaign	literature	said	about	his	positions	:	"	edwards	believes	that	the	u.s.	must	be	an	active	leader	to	help	resolve	conflicts	,	from	reducing	tensions	between	india	and	pakistan	to	the	peace	process	in	northern	ireland	.
edwards	is	a	strong	supporter	of	israel	,	and	believes	that	the	u.s.	has	a	vital	role	in	promoting	peace	between	the	israelis	and	the	palestinians	.	"
i	do	n't	see	bush	doing	any	of	this	.
from	friday	's	daily	star
by	juan	cole
friday	,	june	04	,	2004
as	the	american	public	gradually	wearies	of	the	iraq	crisis	,	some	have	begun	worrying	that	the	war	could	blow	back	on	the	us	by	creating	the	conditions	for	anti-american	terrorism	.
israel	,	however	,	is	much	closer	to	iraq	and	is	likely	to	suffer	from	iraqi	instability	much	more	acutely	than	will	the	united	states	.
ironically	,	among	the	strongest	proponents	of	war	in	iraq	were	israeli	prime	minister	ariel	sharon	and	his	neoconservative	supporters	in	the	us	.
have	they	,	however	,	actually	weakened	israeli	security	?
the	biggest	threat	israel	faces	is	not	from	conventional	armies	but	from	the	asymmetrical	tactics	of	palestinian	national	liberation	movements	.
the	derailing	of	the	oslo	peace	process	by	the	hard	-	line	policies	of	sharon	and	the	palestinian	intifada	has	encouraged	suicide	bombings	.
this	,	in	turn	,	has	discouraged	international	investment	in	israel	and	has	made	it	less	likely	that	immigrants	to	the	country	will	actually	remain	there	.
although	israel	withdrew	from	lebanese	territory	in	may	2000	,	the	radical	lebanese	shiite	party	,	hizbullah	,	has	not	been	mollified	.
it	is	estimated	to	have	some	5,000	armed	fighters	,	and	they	have	pursued	attacks	against	israeli	forces	to	compel	them	to	withdraw	from	the	shebaa	farms	,	a	sliver	of	syrian	territory	that	israel	annexed	after	the	1967	war	.
any	thorough	assessment	of	the	impact	of	the	iraq	war	and	its	aftermath	on	israel	's	security	environment	must	,	therefore	,	closely	examine	its	likely	effect	on	the	conduct	of	asymmetrical	warfare	.
although	it	is	often	alleged	-lrb-	without	much	evidence	-rrb-	that	saddam	hussein	gave	money	to	the	families	of	palestinian	suicide	bombers	and	so	encouraged	asymmetrical	warfare	,	it	is	not	clear	that	he	actually	posed	a	danger	to	israel	.
the	palestinians	who	have	been	willing	to	kill	themselves	to	end	the	israeli	occupation	of	the	gaza	strip	and	the	west	bank	were	not	driven	by	economic	considerations	.
saddam	never	did	anything	practical	to	help	the	palestinians	.
at	some	points	,	as	in	the	late	1980s	,	he	reportedly	made	behind	-	the	-	scenes	overtures	to	the	israelis	to	arrive	at	some	sort	of	a	deal	.
he	did	not	allow	palestinian	radicals	to	launch	operations	against	israel	from	iraq	.
by	the	late	1990s	,	iraq	had	no	nuclear	or	biological	weapons	program	,	and	had	destroyed	its	chemical	weapons	stockpiles	.
its	ramshackle	army	had	virtually	collapsed	before	the	american	invasion	in	2003	.
if	it	is	hard	to	see	how	baathist	iraq	posed	any	real	threat	to	israel	,	it	is	not	so	difficult	to	see	a	menace	in	the	current	instability	.
the	bungling	of	post-war	iraq	by	the	bush	administration	created	a	weak	and	failed	state	.
armed	militias	,	many	staffed	by	former	iraqi	military	men	with	substantial	training	and	experience	,	have	proliferated	.
the	us	chose	to	ally	itself	with	such	groups	as	the	supreme	council	for	the	islamic	revolution	in	iraq	,	whose	15,000	-	strong	badr	corps	paramilitary	was	trained	by	the	iranian	revolutionary	guards	.
anti-israeli	and	pro-palestinian	feeling	is	strong	among	several	major	iraqi	ideological	groups	and	currents	.
the	more	radical	shiites	,	who	generally	follow	the	theocratic	notions	of	iran	's	ayatollah	ruhollah	khomeini	,	routinely	chant	and	demonstrate	against	israel	.
they	vehemently	protested	the	israeli	assassination	of	sheikh	ahmed	yassin	,	the	leader	of	hamas	,	last	march	.
worse	for	israel	,	the	assassination	drew	a	denunciation	even	from	the	moderate	and	cautious	grand	ayatollah	ali	sistani	,	who	wields	enormous	moral	authority	over	iraqi	shiites	.
these	shiite	movements	had	been	suppressed	by	saddam	hussein	's	regime	,	but	have	now	organized	and	armed	themselves	.
they	have	also	reestablished	their	historical	links	with	lebanese	and	iranian	shiites	.
it	is	inevitable	that	most	iraqi	shiites	will	side	with	their	hizbullah	coreligionists	against	israel	,	and	it	seems	likely	that	iraqi	shiites	will	get	rich	enough	from	iraqi	petroleum	sales	in	the	future	that	they	will	be	in	a	good	position	to	bankroll	lebanese	shiite	radicals	.
sunni	arab	fundamentalists	deeply	sympathize	with	the	palestinians	and	with	hamas	,	and	those	in	iraq	have	deep	historical	inks	with	fundamentalists	in	jordan	and	palestine	.
iraqi	cities	such	as	fallujah	and	ramadi	were	on	the	truck	route	from	amman	to	baghdad	,	and	so	came	under	the	influence	of	the	salafi	movement	,	which	is	popular	in	jordan	.
secular	arab	nationalist	groups	also	universally	sympathize	with	the	palestinians	,	and	those	in	post-saddam	iraq	are	no	exception	.
whereas	saddam	hussein	's	dictatorship	ensured	that	such	populist	currents	were	kept	firmly	under	control	,	they	are	now	free	to	organize	.
an	iraq	in	which	armed	fundamentalist	and	nationalist	militias	proliferate	is	inevitably	a	security	worry	for	israel	.
if	even	a	modicum	of	normality	and	security	can	be	returned	to	iraq	,	its	citizens	will	be	able	to	benefit	from	the	country	's	petroleum	reserves	.
that	private	wealth	can	easily	be	funneled	into	aid	for	the	palestinians	and	for	lebanese	shiites	.
israel	's	security	interests	are	best	served	by	peace	with	its	neighbors	,	which	can	only	be	achieved	by	trading	land	for	peace	with	the	palestinians	.
ariel	sharon	's	aggressive	near	annexation	of	almost	half	of	the	occupied	west	bank	and	his	indefinite	postponement	of	any	palestinian	state	have	created	unprecedented	rage	and	violence	.
the	anger	has	spread	throughout	the	muslim	world	,	including	iraq	.
the	promotion	by	the	pro-zionist	right	of	twin	occupations	-	in	the	west	bank	and	in	iraq	-	has	profoundly	weakened	,	not	strengthened	,	israeli	security	.
juan	cole	-lrb-	www.juancole.com	-rrb-	is	a	professor	of	modern	middle	east	history	at	the	university	of	michigan	and	author	of	"	sacred	space	and	holy	war	"	-lrb-	i.b.	tauris	,	2002	-rrb-	.
the	daily	star	publishes	this	commentary	in	agreement	with	agence	global
tamils	feel	that	the	proposed	defense	agreement	between	india	and	sri	lanka	would	encourage	sinhala	rulers	to	prepare	for	another	war	abandoning	the	current	peace	process
but	there	are	strong	hints	in	the	country	that	a	new	indo	-	sri	lanka	defense	deal	could	be	in	the	making	.
and	this	has	already	drawn	protests	from	the	tamil	national	alliance	-lrb-	tna	-rrb-	which	was	backed	by	the	ltte	in	the	april	general	elections	held	in	sri	lanka	.
apart	from	the	1,200	indian	lives	lost	in	1987	,	the	indian	peacekeeping	force	was	immensely	unpopular	not	only	in	tamil	nadu	and	the	jaffna	peninsula	but	also	among	the	sinhalese	majority	who	considered	it	a	violation	of	their	country	's	sovereignty	.
india	defensive	over	sri	lanka
by	ranjit	devraj
new	delhi	-
while	india	is	ready	to	enter	into	a	"	defense	cooperation	agreement	"	with	sri	lanka	,	it	is	wary	of	being	drawn	into	any	military	involvement	in	the	island	nation	's	two	decades	-	old	civil	war	that	has	seen	violent	strife	between	ethnic	tamils	and	the	sinhalese	majority	-	leaving	over	60,000	dead	on	both	sides	.
and	that	explains	the	delay	in	the	signing	of	a	formal	defense	agreement	that	was	at	the	heart	of	sri	lankan	president	chandrika	kumaratunga	's	four	-	day	visit	to	india	recently	.
according	to	professor	s	d	muni	,	south	asia	expert	at	the	jawaharal	nehru	university	,	the	two	-	year	peace	talks	between	colombo	and	the	liberation	tigers	of	tamil	eelam	-lrb-	ltte	-rrb-	are	stalemated	.
for	that	reason	,	he	said	,	kumaratunga	's	government	was	keen	to	beef	up	military	preparedness	with	indian	support	.
"	the	sri	lankan	government	does	not	want	to	initiate	a	conflict	but	would	be	interested	in	deterring	the	ltte	from	starting	one	.
and	the	tigers	look	as	if	they	are	on	the	brink	of	launching	another	offensive	,	"	muni	told	ips	.
colombo	held	six	rounds	of	talks	with	the	tigers	between	september	2002	and	march	2003	.
but	last	april	,	the	rebels	abruptly	pulled	out	of	negotiations	demanding	recognition	,	first	,	for	the	right	to	self	-	rule	before	proceeding	any	further	.
kumaratunga	's	india	tour	preceded	a	three	-	day	visit	to	sri	lanka	by	norwegian	foreign	minister	jan	petersen	in	a	new	bid	to	revive	the	peace	talks	that	were	supposed	to	follow	a	ceasefire	that	oslo	successfully	brokered	in	february	2002	.
petersen	held	discussions	with	both	kumaratunga	and	the	reclusive	ltte	leader	velupillai	prabhakaran	in	the	rebel	stronghold	of	kilinochchi	without	success	,	and	chief	tamil	rebel	negotiator	anton	balasingham	and	norwegian	envoy	erik	solheim	held	closed	-	door	talks	at	the	international	airport	late	saturday	in	an	effort	to	keep	the	salvage	effort	on	track	,	diplomatic	sources	said	.
but	they	,	too	,	failed	.
colombo	,	too	,	seems	to	be	in	an	intractable	position	.
according	to	former	indian	army	general	a	s	kalkat	,	the	difficulty	for	kumaratunga	's	government	lay	in	the	fact	that	the	ltte	had	become	a	de	jure	power	in	the	north	and	east	of	the	island	and	was	running	every	aspect	of	civil	administration	in	the	areas	within	its	control	.
a	veteran	of	india	's	military	intervention	in	the	jaffna	peninsula	to	help	implement	the	1987	indo	-	sri	lanka	peace	accord	-	which	ambitiously	provided	for	the	disarming	of	the	formidable	ltte	-	kalkat	said	the	new	defense	deal	would	essentially	be	a	reiteration	of	the	older	one	minus	its	military	commitment	.
kalkat	,	who	currently	chairs	the	independent	us	-	based	international	council	on	conflict	resolution	,	said	despite	the	failure	of	the	indian	army	to	disarm	or	even	subdue	the	tigers	,	india	remained	the	only	power	capable	of	influencing	the	course	of	the	current	peace	talks	.
"	the	norwegians	mean	well	but	their	role	is	limited	to	that	of	honest	broker	and	the	ltte	is	keenly	aware	that	they	do	not	have	the	power	[	unlike	india	]	to	underwrite	any	arrangement	,	"	kalkat	told	ips	in	an	interview	.
in	1987	,	the	tamil	tigers	reluctantly	accepted	the	peace	accord	under	indian	pressure	.
under	the	accord	,	a	new	northeastern	provincial	council	was	formed	and	the	indian	army	was	deployed	as	peacekeepers	in	the	north	and	east	.
however	,	differences	between	india	and	ltte	soon	surfaced	and	led	to	clashes	between	tiger	guerrillas	and	the	indian	peace	keeping	force	.
about	1,200	indian	soldiers	were	killed	during	this	phase	of	the	conflict	.
india	had	to	pull	back	its	forces	from	sri	lanka	in	1989	following	the	election	of	ranasinghe	premadasa	,	a	strong	critic	of	indian	mediation	.
last	june	,	an	international	initiative	led	by	japan	to	persuade	the	ltte	to	come	back	to	the	negotiating	table	failed	despite	an	aid	package	offer	of	us$	4.5	billion	.
japan	's	special	envoy	,	yasushi	akashi	,	who	called	for	tangible	progress	in	the	peace	process	before	the	money	would	be	released	,	came	back	from	visits	to	colombo	and	kilinochchi	in	early	november	a	frustrated	man	.
he	complained	about	the	"	visible	lack	of	progress	"	and	reaching	an	impasse	in	talks	with	both	sides	.
the	tigers	'	chief	ideologue	,	balasingham	,	sniffed	at	the	proposal	saying	that	"	a	solution	to	the	ethnic	conflict	can	not	be	predetermined	by	the	resolutions	or	declarations	of	donor	conferences	,	but	has	to	be	negotiated	by	the	parties	in	conflict	without	the	constraints	of	external	forces	.	"
but	there	are	strong	hints	in	the	country	that	a	new	indo	-	sri	lanka	defense	deal	could	be	in	the	making	.
and	this	has	already	drawn	protests	from	the	tamil	national	alliance	-lrb-	tna	-rrb-	which	was	backed	by	the	ltte	in	the	april	general	elections	held	in	sri	lanka	.
"	tamils	feel	that	the	proposed	defense	agreement	between	india	and	sri	lanka	would	encourage	sinhala	rulers	to	prepare	for	another	war	abandoning	the	current	peace	process	,	"	tna	member	of	parliament	p	sithamparanathan	was	quoted	as	saying	in	a	statement	.
she	added	that	recent	visits	to	the	island	by	india	's	top	military	brass	including	army	chief	general	nirmal	chander	vij	have	"	caused	apprehension	among	tamils	that	preparations	are	under	way	for	another	war	in	the	island	"	.
but	kalkat	pointed	out	that	india	would	be	ill	-	advised	to	be	involved	again	,	militarily	,	with	sri	lanka	if	only	because	it	still	had	to	consider	the	sentiments	of	45	million	ethnic	tamils	in	the	indian	state	of	tamil	nadu	-	separated	from	sri	lanka	's	jaffna	peninsula	by	the	narrow	palk	straits	.
apart	from	the	1,200	indian	lives	lost	in	1987	,	the	indian	peacekeeping	force	was	immensely	unpopular	not	only	in	tamil	nadu	and	the	jaffna	peninsula	but	also	among	the	sinhalese	majority	who	considered	it	a	violation	of	their	country	's	sovereignty	.
the	best	option	,	now	,	under	the	present	difficult	circumstances	is	for	colombo	to	do	its	own	dirty	work	,	although	new	delhi	can	always	be	counted	on	to	render	good	neighborly	help	because	of	the	shared	belief	that	religion	,	ethnicity	and	language	can	not	be	the	basis	for	secession	.
in	any	case	,	kalkat	puts	it	succinctly	:	"	there	can	not	be	a	military	option	to	what	is	a	political	situation	.	"
asia	times	online	16/11/2004
unreported	by	the	international	media	,	the	valley	of	kashmir	has	seen	an	ethnic	and	cultural	genocide	that	has	resulted	in	the	fleeing	from	the	valley	of	almost	all	the	hindu	families	who	have	been	living	there	since	human	habitation	was	first	recorded	.
over	nine	dozen	temples	that	had	served	the	hindu	population	have	been	destroyed	,	with	some	used	as	building	material	and	others	as	urinals	.
thus	far	,	none	of	the	many	"	human	rights	"	busybodies	across	the	world	have	bothered	to	even	notice	such	a	development	.
musharraf	calls	the	bluff
m.d.	nalapat
while	most	u.s.	secretaries	of	state	--	save	perhaps	dean	rusk	--	have	gobbled	up	credit	for	outcomes	that	they	had	little	to	do	with	,	few	have	been	as	brazen	as	colin	powell	.
two	years	ago	,	pakistani	president	pervez	musharraf	was	surprised	when	the	leader	of	the	main	islamist	alliance	--	maulana	fazlur	rahman	--	visited	india	and	issued	a	series	of	highly	conciliatory	statements	.
as	pakistan	's	president	had	been	telling	the	united	states	he	was	"	forced	"	into	taking	a	hawkish	line	on	india	precisely	by	the	likes	of	rahman	,	this	was	an	embarrassment	.
the	reality	is	that	india	is	no	longer	the	enemy	of	choice	for	the	people	of	pakistan	.
that	distinction	has	now	gone	to	the	united	states	.
realists	,	and	this	even	includes	members	of	the	u.s.	democratic	foreign	policy	establishment	such	as	strobe	talbott	,	who	have	long	sought	to	divest	india	of	its	defensive	capability	against	another	nuclear	power	in	asia	,	understand	the	only	feasible	solution	for	kashmir	is	the	acceptance	of	the	status	quo	.
india	keeps	what	it	has	while	pakistan	and	china	-lrb-	which	was	gifted	a	slice	of	the	territory	three	decades	ago	-rrb-	do	likewise	.
simultaneously	,	new	delhi	would	ensure	a	degree	of	autonomy	for	the	state	that	would	help	cut	popular	support	off	from	jihadis	attempting	to	convert	kashmir	into	a	second	afghanistan	.
bill	clinton	understood	this	at	the	end	of	his	term	in	office	yet	,	under	colin	powell	-lrb-	who	appears	to	have	an	affinity	for	generals	active	in	politics	-rrb-	,	the	pendulum	of	u.s.	policy	has	once	again	swung	toward	a	quixotic	effort	to	prize	at	least	the	valley	of	kashmir	loose	from	india	.
this	,	pakistan	's	lobbyist	in	washington	christina	rocca	has	been	told	,	is	the	"	minimum	"	that	the	pakistan	army	will	accept	.
it	is	also	far	more	than	what	any	administration	in	new	delhi	can	deliver	.
this	writer	has	for	years	regarded	the	best	solution	to	the	kashmir	problem	as	being	the	trifurcation	of	the	indian	part	of	the	state	into	a	hindu	-	majority	jammu	,	a	buddhist	-	dominated	ladakh	and	the	overwhelmingly	muslim	kashmir	valley	,	with	the	third	state	given	little	of	taxpayers	'	money	but	substantial	autonomy	.
with	luck	,	the	kashmir	valley	can	attract	investment	from	the	middle	east	and	other	locations	where	muslims	are	dominant	and	become	a	tourist	,	education	and	services	haven	within	india	.
the	overwhelming	majority	of	muslims	in	kashmir	would	be	happy	with	such	an	outcome	,	except	for	the	tiny	jihadi	segment	patronized	by	the	u.s.	state	department	and	the	pakistan	army	,	which	would	like	to	even	the	score	with	india	for	their	catastrophic	defeat	in	bangladesh	in	1971	.
unreported	by	the	international	media	,	the	valley	of	kashmir	has	seen	an	ethnic	and	cultural	genocide	that	has	resulted	in	the	fleeing	from	the	valley	of	almost	all	the	hindu	families	who	have	been	living	there	since	human	habitation	was	first	recorded	.
over	nine	dozen	temples	that	had	served	the	hindu	population	have	been	destroyed	,	with	some	used	as	building	material	and	others	as	urinals	.
thus	far	,	none	of	the	many	"	human	rights	"	busybodies	across	the	world	have	bothered	to	even	notice	such	a	development	.
indeed	,	their	reports	are	filled	with	tales	of	the	"	atrocities	"	of	indian	troops	on	the	innocent	jihadis	.
despite	sept.	11	,	the	united	states	still	supports	the	kashmir	groups	that	back	jihad	as	part	of	the	price	washington	is	paying	to	keep	pervez	musharraf	happy	.
unfortunately	for	them	,	the	general	has	decided	to	take	seriously	colin	powell	's	frequent	boasts	that	it	was	on	his	nudging	that	the	indians	made	conciliatory	gestures	toward	islamabad	.
the	u.s.	state	department	and	the	misnamed	think	tanks	that	follow	its	lead	have	held	numerous	conferences	on	kashmir	and	,	in	most	of	them	,	the	solution	that	has	emerged	is	a	valley	prized	loose	from	indian	control	and	under	its	own	version	of	ibrahim	rugova	.
that	india	is	not	yugoslavia	and	that	the	"	foreigner	-	led	"	indian	national	congress	can	least	afford	to	ignore	indian	nationalism	,	has	not	struck	the	conferees	,	among	whom	have	been	several	indian	"	scholars	"	and	"	analysts	"	ready	to	say	and	endorse	anything	for	the	sake	of	a	free	trip	to	new	york	or	vienna	.
despite	many	wrinkles	,	india	remains	a	part	-	democracy	and	merely	signing	on	to	a	piece	of	paper	that	calls	for	an	independent	kashmir	does	not	get	you	into	the	trouble	that	writing	an	op	-	ed	piece	against	sonia	gandhi	or	atal	behari	vajpayee	would	instantly	.
it	was	the	business	community	in	india	that	stepped	in	after	vajpayee	indulged	in	an	empty	bout	of	saber	rattling	in	2002	,	pointing	out	that	the	only	beneficiary	of	the	mythical	perception	that	war	--	especially	nuclear	war	--	was	around	the	corner	in	the	subcontinent	was	china	.
the	reason	for	this	is	that	india	is	emerging	as	an	alternative	investment	destination	to	china	,	hence	the	favor	that	the	generals	in	islamabad	do	to	their	trusty	supplier	of	nukes	and	missiles	by	creating	a	scare	about	war	involving	india	when	in	fact	the	real	flashpoints	are	the	taiwan	straits	and	north	korea	.
since	then	,	india	has	talked	peace	while	always	signaling	that	only	the	status	quo	would	be	acceptable	as	a	final	settlement	:	a	line	of	action	that	is	followed	in	the	case	of	disputes	with	china	as	well	.
unfortunately	for	those	eager	to	indefinitely	carry	on	with	the	lucrative	business	of	conflict	resolution	in	south	asia	,	pervez	musharraf	has	now	called	colin	powell	's	bluff	,	challenging	him	to	deliver	on	his	frequent	statements	implying	that	the	indians	jump	to	his	commands	.
once	the	manmohan	singh	government	shows	that	it	has	little	appetite	for	suicide	,	musharraf	will	face	the	moment	of	truth	:	accept	the	inevitable	,	or	once	again	ramp	up	the	insurgency	and	spawn	a	fresh	lot	of	killers	that	can	hit	not	merely	mumbai	and	new	delhi	but	london	and	chicago	as	well	.
the	one	country	that	has	shown	that	it	understands	the	realities	in	south	asia	is	china	.
under	president	hu	jintao	,	beijing	has	opened	out	to	new	delhi	and	prime	minister	wen	jiabao	is	expected	to	visit	early	next	year	,	making	friends	by	formally	accepting	sikkim	as	part	of	india	and	backing	india	as	a	permanent	member	of	the	u.n.	security	council	--	thus	leaving	washington	as	the	only	one	of	the	"	permanent	five	"	that	has	not	yet	done	so	.
with	colin	powell	around	,	the	u.s.	has	no	need	of	an	osama	bin	laden
m.d.	nalapat	,	an	expert	on	jihad	,	is	professor	of	geopolitics	at	the	manipal	academy	of	higher	education	,	india	.
washington	times	28/10/2004
ok	.
we	all	know	that	john	kerry	served	in	vietnam	.
four	whole	months	,	after	which	he	took	advantage	of	a	little	-	known	,	little	-	invoked	regulation	that	allowed	him	to	desert	his	"	band	of	brothers	"	.
we	also	know	how	dan	rather	libeled	george	bush	and	impugned	his	service	in	the	texas	air	national	guard	on	a	"	60	minutes	ii	"	report	based	largely	on	forged	documents	.
during	his	time	in	the	guard	,	george	bush	flew	the	f	-	102	delta	dagger	fighter	-	interceptor	.
the	f	-	102	saw	service	in	the	vietnam	theater	between	march	1962	and	december	1969	.
during	this	time	,	f	-	102	squadrons	were	based	out	of	tan	son	nhut	,	da	nang	and	bien	hoa	in	vietnam	,	and	udorn	and	don	muang	in	thailand	.
-lrb-	click	here	for	source	.	-rrb-
as	far	as	george	bush	knew	,	he	and	his	unit	could	have	been	transferred	to	vietnam	.
in	all	this	so	-	called	controversy	,	has	anyone	considered	that	perhaps	george	bush	just	wanted	to	fly	jets	?
and	,	let	's	remember	,	flying	supersonic	fighter	jets	is	dangerous	!
they	do	n't	let	just	anybody	do	it	.
some	reporters	-lrb-	you	know	,	the	ones	with	journalistic	ethics	-rrb-	have	actually	uncovered	the	truth	about	george	bush	's	service	in	the	texas	air	national	guard	.
for	example	,	did	you	know	that	george	bush	spent	considerably	more	time	in	uniform	than	john	kerry	?
what	follows	is	the	text	of	an	e-mail	sent	to	me	by	a	friend	of	mine	-lrb-	thanks	to	dave	manzano	-rrb-	.
read	on	to	learn	the	facts	.
---------
bush	's	national	guard	years
before	you	fall	for	dems	'	spin	,	here	are	the	facts
what	do	you	really	know	about	george	w.	bush	's	time	in	the	air	national	guard	?
that	he	did	n't	show	up	for	duty	in	alabama	?
that	he	missed	a	physical	?
that	his	daddy	got	him	in	?
news	coverage	of	the	president	's	years	in	the	guard	has	tended	to	focus	on	one	brief	portion	of	that	time	-	to	the	exclusion	of	virtually	everything	else	.
so	just	for	the	record	,	here	,	in	full	,	is	what	bush	did	:
the	future	president	joined	the	guard	in	may	1968	.
almost	immediately	,	he	began	an	extended	period	of	training	.
six	weeks	of	basic	training	.
fifty	-	three	weeks	of	flight	training	.
twenty	-	one	weeks	of	fighter	-	interceptor	training	.
that	was	80	weeks	to	begin	with	,	and	there	were	other	training	periods	thrown	in	as	well	.
it	was	full	-	time	work	.
by	the	time	it	was	over	,	bush	had	served	nearly	two	years	.
not	two	years	of	weekends	.
two	years	.
after	training	,	bush	kept	flying	,	racking	up	hundreds	of	hours	in	f	-	102	jets	.
as	he	did	,	he	accumulated	points	toward	his	national	guard	service	requirements	.
at	the	time	,	guardsmen	were	required	to	accumulate	a	minimum	of	50	points	to	meet	their	yearly	obligation	.
according	to	records	released	earlier	this	year	,	bush	earned	253	points	in	his	first	year	,	may	1968	to	may	1969	-lrb-	since	he	joined	in	may	1968	,	his	service	thereafter	was	measured	on	a	may	-	to	-	may	basis	-rrb-	.
bush	earned	340	points	in	1969	-	1970	.
[	in	other	words	,	bush	earned	enough	points	to	satisfy	the	requirements	for	his	entire	six	year	hitch	in	1969	-	1970	alone	.
-	acd	]
he	earned	137	points	in	1970	-	1971	.
and	he	earned	112	points	in	1971	-	1972	.
the	numbers	indicate	that	in	his	first	four	years	,	bush	not	only	showed	up	,	he	showed	up	a	lot	.
did	you	know	that	?
that	brings	the	story	to	may	1972	-	the	time	that	has	been	the	focus	of	so	many	news	reports	-	when	bush	"	deserted	"	-lrb-	according	to	anti-bush	filmmaker	michael	moore	-rrb-	or	went	"	awol	"	-lrb-	according	to	terry	mcauliffe	,	chairman	of	the	democratic	national	committee	-rrb-	.
bush	asked	for	permission	to	go	to	alabama	to	work	on	a	senate	campaign	.
his	superior	officers	said	ok	.
requests	like	that	were	n't	unusual	,	says	retired	col.	william	campenni	,	who	flew	with	bush	in	1970	and	1971	.
"	in	1972	,	there	was	an	enormous	glut	of	pilots	,	"	campenni	says	.
"	the	vietnam	war	was	winding	down	,	and	the	air	force	was	putting	pilots	in	desk	jobs	.
in	'72	or	'73	,	if	you	were	a	pilot	,	active	or	guard	,	and	you	had	an	obligation	and	wanted	to	get	out	,	no	problem	.
in	fact	,	you	were	helping	them	solve	their	problem	.	"
so	bush	stopped	flying	.
from	may	1972	to	may	1973	,	he	earned	just	56	points	-	not	much	,	but	enough	to	meet	his	requirement	.
then	,	in	1973	,	as	bush	made	plans	to	leave	the	guard	and	go	to	harvard	business	school	,	he	again	started	showing	up	frequently	.
in	june	and	july	of	1973	,	he	accumulated	56	points	,	enough	to	meet	the	minimum	requirement	for	the	1973	-	1974	year	.
then	,	at	his	request	,	he	was	given	permission	to	go	.
bush	received	an	honorable	discharge	after	serving	five	years	,	four	months	and	five	days	of	his	original	six	-	year	commitment	.
by	that	time	,	however	,	he	had	accumulated	enough	points	in	each	year	to	cover	six	years	of	service	.
during	his	service	,	bush	received	high	marks	as	a	pilot	.
a	1970	evaluation	said	bush	"	clearly	stands	out	as	a	top	notch	fighter	interceptor	pilot	"	and	was	"	a	natural	leader	whom	his	contemporaries	look	to	for	leadership	.	"
a	1971	evaluation	called	bush	"	an	exceptionally	fine	young	officer	and	pilot	"	who	"	continually	flies	intercept	missions	with	the	unit	to	increase	his	proficiency	even	further	.	"
and	a	1972	evaluation	called	bush	"	an	exceptional	fighter	interceptor	pilot	and	officer	.	"
now	,	it	is	only	natural	that	news	reports	questioning	bush	's	service	-	in	the	boston	globe	and	the	new	york	times	,	on	cbs	and	in	other	outlets	-	would	come	out	now	.
democrats	are	spitting	mad	over	attacks	on	john	kerry	's	record	by	the	group	swift	boat	veterans	for	truth	.
and	,	as	it	is	with	kerry	,	it	's	reasonable	to	look	at	a	candidate	's	entire	record	,	including	his	military	service	-	or	lack	of	it	.
voters	are	perfectly	able	to	decide	whether	it	's	important	or	not	in	november	.
the	kerry	camp	blames	bush	for	the	swift	boat	veterans	'	attack	,	but	anyone	who	has	spent	much	time	talking	to	the	swifties	gets	the	sense	that	they	are	doing	it	entirely	for	their	own	reasons	.
and	it	should	be	noted	in	passing	that	kerry	has	personally	questioned	bush	's	service	,	while	bush	has	not	personally	questioned	kerry	's	.
in	april	-	before	the	swift	boat	veterans	had	said	a	word	-	kerry	said	bush	"	has	yet	to	explain	to	america	whether	or	not	,	and	tell	the	truth	,	about	whether	he	showed	up	for	duty	.	"
earlier	,	kerry	said	,	"	just	because	you	get	an	honorable	discharge	does	not	,	in	fact	,	answer	that	question	.	"
now	,	after	the	swift	boat	episode	,	the	spotlight	has	returned	to	bush	.
that	's	fine	.
we	should	know	as	much	as	we	can	.
and	perhaps	someday	kerry	will	release	more	of	his	military	records	as	well	.
byron	york	is	a	white	house	correspondent	for	national	review	.
his	column	appears	in	the	hill	each	week	.
one	week	to	elections	day	and	the	general	atmosphere	in	the	capital	is	eerie	,	yet	strikingly	familiar	.
i	suspect	the	streets	of	baghdad	will	look	as	if	a	war	is	looming	this	week	.
there	is	no	doubt	that	many	iraqis	regard	the	date	of	30	january	as	a	day	of	renewed	hope	,	one	they	have	been	awaiting	all	their	lives	,	but	at	the	same	time	,	many	others	are	already	dreading	it	.
the	interim	government	has	promised	security	measures	that	would	reduce	the	violence	on	the	day	of	elections	,	but	i	fail	to	see	how	they	will	be	able	to	protect	all	5,000	-lrb-	or	so	-rrb-	balloting	centres	.
many	voting	centres	have	already	been	successfully	attacked	or	destroyed	in	many	areas	.
now	that	the	picture	is	clear	,	the	two	main	competing	lists	seem	to	be	the	united	iraqi	coalition	list	and	allawi	's	al	-	iraqiya	list	.
ayad	allawi	,	and	other	ministers	running	on	his	list	,	have	quite	expectedly	used	their	governmental	positions	in	campaigning	.
one	minister	reportedly	handed	out	100	dollar	'	gifts	'	to	journalists	attending	a	press	conference	for	allawi	,	a	practice	that	brings	back	bad	memories	to	many	iraqis	.
sheikh	naji	al	-	abbudi	,	a	spokesman	for	sistani	,	affirmed	the	claims	that	the	grand	ayatollah	is	backing	the	united	iraqi	coalition	list	.
indeed	,	sistani	's	agents	all	over	the	country	have	been	quite	active	in	educating	iraqi	shia	on	the	merits	of	elections	,	which	has	led	to	the	assassination	of	at	least	two	of	them	.
al	-	abbudi	stated	that	"	his	emminence	"	decided	to	openly	support	the	list	because	"	others	"	-lrb-	obviously	a	reference	to	allawi	-rrb-	have	been	abusing	official	state	positions	and	media	outlets	in	their	campaigning	.
again	there	is	no	official	written	statement	from	sistani	's	office	confirming	this	allegation	,	which	i	think	is	intentional	.
ahmed	al	-	chalabi	and	defense	minister	hazim	al	-	sha'lan	have	been	engaging	in	shrill	public	attacks	over	the	media	.
chalabi	describing	sha'lan	as	a	"	ba'athist	"	and	a	"	former	double	agent	for	saddam	and	the	cia	"	,	while	sha'lan	dismisses	chalabi	as	a	"	thief	"	and	an	"	iranian	stooge	who	longs	for	his	own	origins	by	defending	iran	"	.
one	remark	made	by	sha'lan	on	al	-	arabiya	tv	,	that	he	could	n't	say	more	about	chalabi	because	he	would	embarrass	himself	and	the	viewers	almost	made	me	roll	on	the	floor	.
it	was	an	extremely	amusing	episode	,	watching	chalabi	looking	smug	and	amused	,	contrasted	with	sha'lan	,	all	serious	and	barely	keeping	himself	from	swearing	.
fistfights	,	please	.
hazim	al	-	sha'lan	,	by	the	way	,	is	the	son	of	the	late	sheikh	of	al	-	khaza'il	in	diwaniya	and	has	the	potential	to	replace	former	information	minister	,	m.s.	al	-	sahaf	,	in	his	nonsensical	media	statements	,	which	can	be	passed	as	jokes	.
the	main	kurdish	coalition	list	-lrb-	puk	and	kdp	-rrb-	is	barely	mentioned	outside	the	kurdish	region	.
even	there	,	many	kurds	look	and	act	as	if	they	are	going	to	grab	the	chance	to	vote	them	out	of	power	.
i	doubt	that	will	be	the	outcome	though	.
many	iraqis	,	including	conservative	and	religious	iraqis	,	are	surprisingly	rooting	for	the	iraqi	communist	party	,	probably	in	an	attempt	to	counter	the	influence	of	islamists	in	the	forthcoming	national	assembly	.
the	communist	party	has	the	largest	number	of	registered	party	members	in	the	country	and	can	be	considered	as	the	oldest	popular	political	party	in	iraq	.
its	support	base	is	much	larger	than	what	it	seems	.
***
several	candidates	were	assassinated	and	targeted	these	last	two	weeks	,	others	have	been	forced	under	threats	to	withdraw	and	to	follow	the	example	of	the	islamic	party	.
sectarian	tensions	are	at	their	highest	since	april	,	2004	,	with	sunni	insurgents	now	openly	attacking	husseiniyas	and	shia	mosques	.
i	had	an	interesting	conversation	with	a	middle	-	aged	taxi	driver	who	used	to	live	in	fallujah	and	is	now	at	relatives	in	amiriya	,	baghdad	.
after	asking	me	which	tribe	i	belong	to	-lrb-	thus	assessing	my	sectarian	background	-rrb-	he	started	hurling	abuses	at	the	shia	,	calling	them	persians	,	majoos	-lrb-	fire	worshippers	-rrb-	,	rabid	dogs	and	a	handful	of	other	descriptions	that	i	ca	n't	mention	here	.
he	described	allawi	's	face	as	that	of	a	f*ed	horse	and	he	dismissed	the	whole	government	as	a	band	of	thieves	and	traitors	.
i	did	n't	argue	with	him	but	i	asked	him	what	he	believed	would	be	a	viable	solution	to	this	mess	.
he	said	that	resistance	was	the	only	commonsense	solution	.
first	driving	out	the	americans	,	then	fighting	the	shia	back	into	submission	-lrb-	as	in	1991	-rrb-	.
sunni	iraqis	contend	that	elections	are	impossible	to	hold	under	occupation	.
leaving	aside	the	fact	that	this	views	conflicts	with	other	historical	examples	in	the	region	,	sunnis	have	never	offered	an	alternative	choice	,	which	eventually	leads	one	to	guess	that	the	opinion	held	by	the	fallujan	taxi	driver	above	is	precisely	what	they	are	planning	to	implement	.
i	had	another	conversation	some	months	ago	with	a	retired	ba'athist	old	-	timer	who	claimed	that	ba'athists	have	the	means	to	stage	a	third	coup	d'etat	and	return	to	power	within	10	hours	of	an	american	withdrawal	.
on	sensing	my	incredulity	to	his	statement	he	asserted	that	ba'athist	cells	exist	in	all	parts	of	the	country	and	that	they	do	have	a	central	command	,	even	though	many	have	formed	seperate	cells	-lrb-	often	under	islamic	labels	-rrb-	with	their	own	leaderships	.
he	said	that	they	have	the	training	and	the	funding	as	well	as	the	support	of	neighbouring	and	regional	governments	.
i	concur	that	ba'athists	and	former	security	forces	are	capable	of	immediately	controlling	at	least	5	out	of	18	governorates	,	along	with	the	capital	,	if	americans	are	to	be	removed	from	the	picture	entirely	.
but	i	also	see	that	as	a	fatal	misconception	,	which	is	doing	sunnis	harm	,	because	i	do	n't	believe	the	us	is	going	anywhere	so	soon	.
any	government	that	assumes	power	after	the	elections	also	realises	this	,	so	not	even	sistani	is	going	to	call	the	us	to	withdraw	its	troops	,	despite	what	he	is	saying	now	,	not	until	they	are	ensured	the	insurgency	is	out	of	the	picture	,	or	that	they	have	an	alternative	foreign	power	-lrb-	in	this	case	iran	-rrb-	to	back	them	up	.
the	only	hope	now	is	that	,	following	the	elections	,	the	national	assembly	would	offer	the	hand	of	peace	and	reconciliation	to	the	dissenting	parties	.
i	would	suggest	going	for	tribal	sheikhs	rather	than	clerics	,	since	they	have	the	upper	hand	in	their	areas	and	can	effectively	root	out	any	ba'athists	in	their	midst	in	return	for	a	promise	of	sharing	power	and	authority	.
many	of	these	sheikhs	have	been	disenfranchised	and	abused	over	the	last	two	years	.
very	recently	,	us	forces	in	al	-	anbar	made	a	terrible	blunder	by	accidentally	killing	abdul	-	razaq	inad	al	-	gu'ud	,	sheikh	of	the	al	-	bu	nimr	clan	from	the	powerful	dulaym	tribe	.
al	-	gu'ud	had	favoured	elections	and	was	in	good	terms	with	the	government	.
the	gu'ud	family	even	accepted	to	be	offered	the	seat	of	al	-	anbar	governor	some	months	back	.
the	al	-	bu	nimr	in	ramadi	and	al	-	qaim	rose	in	arms	against	saddam	in	the	mid-nineties	following	the	execution	of	thamir	madhlum	al	-	dulaymi	,	an	air	force	general	belonging	to	their	tribe	.
the	revolt	took	two	weeks	to	be	suppressed	by	the	republican	guard	.
another	bad	step	was	the	recent	arrest	of	sheikh	hassan	al	-	lihabi	,	of	the	lihaib	tribe	which	is	scattered	between	the	governorates	of	al	-	anbar	,	mosul	and	salah	al	-	din	.
al	-	lihaibi	was	running	in	elections	and	is	now	said	to	have	withdrawn	following	this	incident	.
i	believe	national	reconciliation	to	be	the	only	path	forward	to	a	new	iraq	.
the	shia	can	not	live	without	the	sunnis	,	and	vice	versa	.
both	have	shared	this	country	for	the	last	14	centuries	and	there	is	no	possible	way	that	one	can	live	without	the	other	.
even	partition	is	not	a	possibility	,	there	are	no	clear	borders	between	the	two	.
remember	luis	posada	carriles	?
here	's	a	miami	herald	interview	with	the	relaxed	terrorist	and	former	cia	operative	in	a	luxury	condo	,	published	yesterday	.
-lrb-	"	at	first	i	hid	a	lot	.
i	thought	the	us	government	was	looking	for	me	.
now	i	hide	a	lot	less	.	"	-rrb-
because	of	such	talk	,	posada	has	been	taken	into	custody	by	immigration	officials	.
i	ca	n't	imagine	they	wanted	to	do	this	.
authorities	would	likely	have	been	happy	answering	questions	about	posada	's	whereabouts	with	an	indefinite	shrug	.
as	recently	as	last	week	the	official	line	stated	they	had	no	knowledge	he	had	entered	the	country	.
but	comfortable	among	the	thugs	,	posada	overplayed	his	hand	and	embarrassed	his	old	patron	,	the	us	government	.
and	though	he	'd	been	a	faithful	servant	,	he	was	not	such	a	player	that	he	could	get	away	with	that	.
he	should	have	taken	a	cue	from	another	bomber	some	pesky	dark	-	skinned	foreigners	want	extradited	,	cia	operative	michael	meiring	.
posada	should	have	told	any	inquisitive	journalist	at	his	doorstep	something	like	meiring	told	the	single	american	reporter	who	bothered	following	his	bloody	trail	from	the	philippines	,	that	"	if	this	harms	me	in	any	way	,	you	will	find	my	power	then	,	and	you	'll	find	out	who	i	am	.	"
but	then	,	maybe	that	would	n't	have	saved	him	either	,	because	posada	is	not	meiring	.
posada	can	be	given	up	,	but	meiring	ca	n't	.
meiring	's	crimes	are	fresh	,	and	wave	the	false	flag	which	is	the	"	war	on	terror	.	"
they	happened	in	the	philippines	which	,	like	pakistan	,	is	an	important	and	vulnerable	node	for	the	business	which	intelligence	agencies	and	terrorist	organizations	conduct	with	each	other	.
-lrb-	ask	terry	nichols	about	the	philippines	.	-rrb-
the	bombings	implicated	muslims	,	and	exacerbated	regional	tensions	which	the	bush	regime	and	its	friends	wearing	the	brass	in	the	philippine	military	sought	to	exploit	.
posada	's	crimes	,	on	the	other	hand	,	must	seem	like	ancient	history	,	especially	to	a	people	who	do	n't	know	their	history	.
and	to	those	who	do	n't	even	know	their	crimes	,	not	even	that	.
but	will	posada	be	given	up	?
i	doubt	he	will	be	extradited	to	venezuela	,	which	is	the	only	way	that	question	could	be	answered	with	a	yes	.
i	expect	it	will	be	determined	that	,	under	"	strong	man	"	hugo	chavez	,	posada	could	not	be	guaranteed	a	fair	trial	.
the	hope	may	be	that	posada	can	soon	be	offered	to	a	post-chavez	allawi	-	like	puppet	in	caracas	.
whether	such	an	offer	were	accepted	or	declined	would	make	no	difference	;	justice	would	not	be	served	then	.
but	posada	's	nearly	80	years	old	,	and	the	venezuelan	people	will	ensure	that	's	a	vain	hope	.
so	instead	posada	may	be	held	indefinitely	,	in	comfortable	custody	.
an	embarrassment	to	the	us	still	,	just	not	as	embarrassing	as	having	the	old	killer	strut	about	miami	,	gloating	in	his	freedom	.
meiring	is	more	than	an	embarrassment	.
his	case	threatens	the	consensus	fiction	of	the	"	war	on	terror	.	"
so	his	name	will	remain	unspoken	.
another	connection	to	philippine	terror	and	weapons	smuggling	-	dating	from	the	1980s	-	is	alleged	in	the	book	disposable	patriot	,	by	jack	terrell	.
terrell	,	a	cia	asset	originally	recruited	for	the	contra	effort	,	identifies	the	man	attempting	to	recruit	him	into	the	philippine	scheme	as	oliver	north	...
i	seem	to	recall	the	object	was	to	smuggle	explosives	.
http://www.amazon.ca/exec/obidos/asin/0915765381/701-3377456-8181939
i	've	read	the	book	-	it	's	a	first	person	memoir	with	the	ring	of	truth	,	especially	since	so	much	of	the	wider	context	has	confirmed	the	allegations	of	contra	drug	connections	that	led	to	terrell	becoming	a	target	for	discrediting	by	the	twig	counterintelligence	group	that	ran	interference	for	the	contra	effort	,	staffed	by	covert	ops	types	including	ollie	north	,	robert	owen	,	vince	cannistaro	and	buck	revell	.
peter	dale	scott	includes	an	account	of	how	terrell	's	whistleblowing	was	stifled	by	them	in	his	book	cocaine	politics	.
...	same	ole	,	same	ole	...
due	to	the	judge	in	the	1983	case	ruling	that	a	cia	agent	could	not	testify	using	a	pseudonym	,	therefore	opening	him	to	cross-examination	by	wilson	,	the	prosecution	had	a	problem	.
they	needed	someone	that	could	convince	the	jury	they	had	been	able	to	see	all	relevant	documents	in	cia	files	on	wilson	.
wilson	was	claiming	that	he	had	been	working	for	the	cia	when	he	sold	the	c	-	4	to	quaddaffi	.
the	prosecution	was	charging	he	was	a	rogue	using	his	contacts	from	former	service	in	both	cia	and	the	'	office	of	naval	intelligence	'	.
wilson	had	been	able	to	show	that	he	'd	had	more	than	80	"	non-social	contacts	"	with	the	cia	since	his	retirement	in	1971	,	leaving	the	prosecution	's	case	in	turmoil	.
then	charles	a.	briggs	came	to	the	rescue	.
third	ranking	cia	officer	,	briggs	signed	a	declaration	on	february	3rd	,	1983	,	that	on	november	8th	,	1982	,	he	had	authorized	a	search	of	cia	records	"	for	any	material	that	in	any	way	pertains	to	edwin	p.	wilson	,	or	the	various	allegations	concerning	his	activities	after	february	28th	,	1971	,	when	he	retired	from	the	cia	.	"
the	briggs	declaration	states	that	with	one	exception	in	1972	,	wilson	did	not	work	"	directly	or	indirectly	"	for	the	cia	since	retiring	.
http://www.disinfo.com/archive/pages/dossier/id334/pg1/
last	week	,	federal	district	judge	lynn	hughes	in	huston	,	texas	,	threw	out	wilson	's	two	-	decades	old	conviction	.
judge	hughes	wrote	:	`	government	knowingly	used	false	evidence	against	him	,	'	concluding	`	honesty	comes	hard	to	government	.	'
http://www.bigeye.com/111003.htm
http://www.thekcrachannel.com/news/4503872/detail.html
looks	like	it	is	rearing	its	head	again	in	louisianna	..
former	pastor	,	deputy	implicated	in	church	child	sex	abuse
ponchatoula	,	la.	--
sheriff	's	deputies	in	louisiana	made	a	third	arrest	wednesday	in	the	ongoing	investigation	of	a	case	involving	allegations	of	sexual	abuse	of	children	and	animals	at	a	ponchatoula	,	la.	,	church	.
austin	aaron	bernard	iii	,	36	,	was	arrested	on	a	charge	of	aggravated	rape	of	a	child	under	the	age	of	13	.
police	said	bernard	confessed	to	detectives	that	he	had	sex	with	a	young	girl	in	november	2002	and	admitted	to	knowing	about	sexual	acts	involving	children	and	a	dog	that	occurred	at	hosanna	church	.
tangipahoa	parish	sheriff	's	deputy	christopher	blair	labat	,	24	,	was	booked	tuesday	on	one	count	of	aggravated	rape	and	one	count	of	crime	against	nature	.
on	monday	,	louis	lamonica	,	45	,	the	former	pastor	of	hosanna	church	,	was	booked	with	two	counts	of	aggravated	rape	and	one	count	of	crime	against	nature	after	he	walked	in	to	the	livingston	parish	sheriff	's	office	and	said	he	could	implicate	others	in	a	situation	at	the	church	that	reportedly	occurred	two	years	ago	.
we	have	a	similar	case	unravelling	up	here	in	the	northwest	with	a	murder	of	a	family	and	missing	children	taken	for	some	purpose	.
if	i	was	rummy	i	'd	send	posada	to	iraq	to	blow	things	up	there	.
yeah	,	"	things	"	...
yesterday	evening	,	the	posada	story	was	featured	in	the	public	television	news	show	in	germany	-lrb-	ard	,	tagesthemen	-rrb-	.
the	newly	released	papers	,	showing	him	complicit	in	the	airliner	bombing	,	were	mentioned
gandalf
now	that	's	a	post	i	can	relate	to	.
you	really	got	me	thinking	,	i	enjoy	reading	this	blog	.
i	do	n't	know	how	others	feel	,	but	i	'm	definitely	looking	into	immigration	to	canada	as	an	option	.
the	good	a3l	us	of	a	ai	nt	what	it	used	to	be	.
i	like	yuor	blog	.
please	check	out	my	who	let	the	dog	out	blog	.
hey	that	's	a	great	blog	,	i	also	have	a	site	about	los	angeles	online	dating
you	can	check	it	out	:	los	angeles	online	dating
this	is	a	excellent	blog	.
keep	it	going	.
this	may	be	of	interest	to	you	i	have	a	free	online	dating	service	.
it	pretty	much	covers	dating	stuff	.
i	'll	be	sure	to	come	back	.
hey	i	just	love	your	blog	.
i	also	have	a	dating	advice	blog	/	site	.
i	mostly	deals	with	dating	advice
please	come	and	check	it	out	if	you	get	the	time	!
i	was	searching	for	dog	food	info	and	found	this	post	.
i	agree	totally	!
paul
how	would	you	like	to	know	how	you	can	live	in	a	beautiful	new	house	that	is	custom	-	designed	to	your	specifications	.........	and	at	no	cost	to	you	?
you	can	do	it	.
and	it	's	not	hard	to	do	....	if	you	know	how	.
do	n't	let	this	pass	you	by	without	at	least	taking	a	look	.
the	only	catch	is	that	you	have	to	have	an	income	above	$	21,000	......	and	......	you	have	to	follow	the	easy	instructions	provided	to	you	.
get-a-free-house.com
+	as	the	implications	of	the	andaman	islands	situation	sink	in	,	indian	intelligence	has	inevitably	come	under	scrutiny	.
in	recent	months	,	its	fallibility	has	become	evident	.
the	inability	to	foresee	in	advance	the	assassination	attempt	on	the	pro-india	political	leader	and	former	bangladeshi	prime	minister	sheikh	hasina	wazed	last	august	21	at	a	political	rally	in	dhaka	,	and	the	recent	"	coup	"	by	nepalese	king	gyanendra	dismissing	his	government	and	imposing	a	virtual	absolute	monarchy	,	are	glaring	examples	of	intelligence	failure	.	+
trouble	on	india	's	islands
ramtanu	maitra
in	early	february	,	india	charged	34	arakan	separatists	from	myanmar	with	hiding	in	the	landfall	islands	,	part	of	the	andaman	islands	group	-lrb-	see	end	note	-rrb-	.
these	alleged	members	of	the	arakan	army	,	the	military	wing	of	the	national	unity	party	in	myanmar	,	have	been	charged	with	illegal	entry	.
it	is	likely	,	but	not	certain	,	that	they	will	be	deported	to	myanmar	.
but	the	news	of	the	arakan	rebels	is	just	the	tip	of	the	iceberg	when	it	comes	to	growing	concern	in	new	delhi	over	the	security	of	the	andaman	islands	.
reports	are	circulating	in	the	intelligence	community	that	the	andaman	islands	are	not	only	thick	with	myanmar	rebels	.
it	has	also	become	an	arms	depot	of	the	liberation	tigers	of	tamil	eelam	-lrb-	ltte	-rrb-	,	who	operate	almost	freely	in	the	andaman	sea	.
information	pointing	in	this	direction	came	to	light	after	the	december	26	tsunami	,	which	took	a	heavy	toll	on	the	andamans	.
correspondents	who	flocked	in	to	cover	the	tsunami	found	they	also	had	another	story	-	the	miserable	security	situation	surrounding	the	indian	navy	's	far	eastern	naval	command	,	now	being	established	along	with	india	's	"	blue	water	navy	"	.
deteriorating	security
security	problems	in	the	andaman	sea	are	not	new	,	but	they	have	deteriorated	during	the	past	few	years	,	in	tandem	with	a	deterioration	in	the	security	situation	in	bangladesh	,	nepal	and	bhutan	,	and	particularly	in	the	northeastern	indian	states	of	manipur	,	nagaland	and	tripura	.
while	the	indian	army	has	become	rock	-	solid	in	the	western	front	,	and	has	developed	the	capability	of	withstanding	any	pakistani	adventure	in	that	sector	,	it	has	become	highly	vulnerable	in	its	eastern	sector	,	where	its	enemy	is	not	a	national	army	but	a	multitude	of	secessionist	,	terrorist	and	drug	-	running	militants	operating	between	southeast	asia	and	northeastern	india	through	bangladesh	.
the	andaman	sea	is	a	major	conduit	for	this	traffic	,	and	the	572	large	and	small	islands	that	constitute	the	andaman	and	nicobar	group	are	a	natural	transit	base	.
the	drugs	and	arms	travel	in	all	directions	.
since	the	"	sea	tigers	"	of	the	ltte	,	better	known	as	the	tamil	tigers	,	are	the	ones	who	rule	the	andaman	sea	:	they	carry	the	arms	and	drugs	for	their	own	use	and	also	to	deliver	to	rebels	in	aceh	and	all	along	the	east	coast	of	africa	.
it	is	old	news	that	the	tamil	tigers	have	developed	a	strong	network	within	south	africa	.
this	is	not	unknown	to	new	delhi	.
a	recent	report	by	a	journalist	from	port	blair	,	in	the	andamans	,	quoted	an	unnamed	official	saying	that	foreigners	from	myanmar	,	bangladesh	and	sri	lanka	have	permanently	settled	in	the	islands	,	using	fake	indian	ration	cards	,	while	citizens	of	thailand	,	china	,	indonesia	and	malaysia	have	migrated	temporarily	to	plunder	the	natural	resources	and	leave	.
"	port	blair	,	havelock	islands	,	diglipur	,	middle	nicobar	,	campbell	's	bay	,	neil	islands	and	rangott	are	mostly	overrun	by	foreigners	,	"	he	said	.
an	official	estimate	issued	in	2003	suggests	there	are	50,000	"	foreigners	"	in	the	andaman	islands	,	but	unofficial	figures	are	much	higher	than	this	.
a	large	number	of	them	are	bangladeshis	,	who	like	millions	of	their	countrymen	have	left	their	densely	populated	homeland	to	settle	elsewhere	.
as	most	of	them	have	few	technical	skills	,	and	the	andamans	have	little	demand	for	them	in	any	case	,	they	turn	to	smuggling	and	other	unlawful	activities	.
the	presence	of	the	sea	tigers	in	the	area	with	guns	,	cash	and	drugs	makes	the	situation	extremely	dangerous	.
reports	from	port	blair	make	it	evident	that	new	delhi	gets	little	on	-	the	-	ground	intelligence	,	and	the	indian	coast	guard	is	grossly	unequipped	to	deal	with	the	surge	of	illegal	migrants	to	the	islands	.
one	unnamed	naval	officer	was	quoted	saying	,	"	arms	smuggling	is	a	very	profitable	business	in	this	region	.	"
considering	the	islands	'	huge	strategic	importance	,	it	is	amazing	how	lax	new	delhi	has	been	.
these	islands	sit	aside	the	vital	sea	lanes	of	the	strait	of	malacca	,	through	which	300	tankers	and	merchant	ships	pass	daily	,	bringing	in	oil	for	the	far	east	and	southeast	asia	.
intelligence	lapses
as	the	implications	of	the	andaman	islands	situation	sink	in	,	indian	intelligence	has	inevitably	come	under	scrutiny	.
in	recent	months	,	its	fallibility	has	become	evident	.
the	inability	to	foresee	in	advance	the	assassination	attempt	on	the	pro-india	political	leader	and	former	bangladeshi	prime	minister	sheikh	hasina	wazed	last	august	21	at	a	political	rally	in	dhaka	,	and	the	recent	"	coup	"	by	nepalese	king	gyanendra	dismissing	his	government	and	imposing	a	virtual	absolute	monarchy	,	are	glaring	examples	of	intelligence	failure	.
with	growing	economic	and	military	power	,	india	will	be	dependent	on	smaller	nations	in	the	region	increasingly	to	maintain	regional	security	.
unless	new	delhi	does	better	in	providing	security	to	its	own	nationals	against	rebels	,	secessionists	,	drug	runners	and	arms	traffickers	,	it	will	not	generate	much	confidence	in	the	capitals	of	surrounding	nations	.
in	fact	,	it	would	tend	to	encourage	more	organized	anti-india	outfits	,	such	as	the	pakistani	inter-	services	intelligence	-lrb-	isi	-rrb-	and	outside	-	linked	maoists	,	to	exploit	these	networks	and	weaken	india	's	eastern	flank	.
indian	intelligence	's	lackluster	performance	in	dealing	with	the	ltte	is	startling	.
this	formidable	enemy	,	which	gave	the	indian	army	a	black	eye	in	the	mid-1980s	,	has	been	operating	in	northeastern	india	and	in	the	andaman	sea	for	a	long	time	.
in	2001	,	according	to	indian	army	officials	,	security	forces	launched	a	wide	-	ranging	operation	in	the	300	-	some	inhabited	islands	neighboring	andaman	and	nicobar	,	and	found	huge	caches	of	arms	.
the	arms	were	said	to	belong	to	the	ltte	and	"	other	terrorist	groups	"	.
the	search	-	and	-	destroy	operation	was	carried	out	by	the	indian	government	after	repeated	requests	from	colombo	.
in	addition	,	ltte	activity	in	the	andaman	sea	is	well	known	to	local	observers	.
the	biggest	ltte	maritime	disaster	was	reported	in	the	now	-	defunct	asiaweek	in	2001	.
a	shipment	of	weapons	,	ammunition	and	explosives	,	believed	to	have	been	purchased	from	cambodia	and	worth	several	million	dollars	,	left	the	port	of	phuket	in	thailand	in	early	february	2001	aboard	the	freighter	comex	-	joux	3	.
as	is	ltte	standard	procedure	,	the	vessel	changed	its	name	at	sea	to	horizon	.
on	its	journey	across	the	bay	of	bengal	the	freighter	was	tracked	by	the	indian	navy	and	orissa	-	based	spy	planes	of	india	's	aviation	research	center	;	it	was	intercepted	by	indian	naval	vessels	off	sri	lanka	's	east	coast	.
ltte	arms	-	running
in	1997	,	the	thai	navy	reported	the	interception	of	a	16	-	meter	boat	after	a	chase	off	the	thai	port	of	ranong	,	and	the	confiscation	of	two	tons	of	weapons	and	ammunition	.
among	the	weapons	intercepted	were	two	rocket	-	propelled	-	grenade	launchers	,	20	assault	rifles	,	m	-	79	grenade	launchers	and	more	than	10,000	rounds	of	ammunition	.
four	persons	were	arrested	,	reportedly	belonging	to	the	manipur	revolutionary	people	's	front	.
six	crew	members	were	from	the	arakan	region	of	myanmar	.
the	boat	was	heading	toward	cox	's	bazar	in	bangladesh	.
until	1995	the	ltte	maintained	a	base	at	twante	,	an	island	off	the	coat	of	myanmar	,	west	of	the	andaman	islands	.
subsequently	,	phuket	became	the	ltte	's	main	backup	base	.
a	sri	lanka	-	born	tamil	with	a	norwegian	passport	was	arrested	by	thai	authorities	in	2000	for	his	links	with	the	ltte	.
at	the	time	of	his	arrest	,	the	suspect	was	allegedly	involved	in	constructing	a	"	submarine	"	in	a	shipyard	on	the	island	of	sirae	near	phuket	on	the	andaman	sea	coast	.
steady	buildup
the	real	threat	to	the	andaman	islands	is	the	steady	building	-	up	of	ports	and	conduits	that	serve	the	tamil	tigers	and	a	host	of	less	-	strong	militant	groups	.
over	the	past	decade	,	bangladesh	has	steadily	moved	into	a	state	of	lawlessness	.
a	number	of	extremist	groups	,	under	the	cover	of	the	islamist	movement	,	have	become	active	in	drug	trafficking	,	gun	running	and	anti-indian	activities	.
it	is	widely	acknowledged	that	the	pakistani	isi	has	nurtured	a	number	of	extremist	islamist	groups	,	such	as	the	harkat	-	ul	-	jehad	-	al	-	islami	,	in	the	port	city	of	chittagong	,	and	put	a	number	of	secessionist	rebels	from	india	's	northeast	in	touch	with	this	terrorist	network	.
as	a	result	,	north	of	the	andaman	islands	,	bangladeshi	coastal	areas	have	become	a	nest	of	terrorists	involved	in	the	shipment	of	drugs	and	arms	.
a	pattern	of	arrests	and	seizures	indicate	that	arms	are	brought	by	the	ltte	from	laos	,	cambodia	and	thailand	into	chittagong	,	from	where	they	are	transported	northward	by	land	to	bhutan	.
the	route	from	kalikhola	in	bhutan	to	cox	's	bazar	passes	through	northern	bengal	,	assam	and	meghalaya	,	and	on	into	chittagong	.
note
india	's	andaman	and	nicobar	islands	comprise	more	than	500	islands	lying	1,000	kilometers	east	of	sri	lanka	in	the	bay	of	bengal	.
stretching	750	kilometers	from	end	to	end	,	they	reach	from	near	the	coast	of	myanmar	almost	to	sumatra	in	indonesia	.
the	ten	degree	channel	divides	the	andamans	,	which	are	the	larger	and	more	heavily	populated	northern	islands	,	from	the	20	or	so	nicobar	islands	in	the	south	.
on	south	andaman	,	the	most	heavily	populated	island	,	is	port	blair	,	which	is	the	capital	and	the	only	large	town	in	the	entire	archipelago	.
travel	to	the	nicobar	islands	is	forbidden	to	non-indians	,	and	they	are	also	not	allowed	in	some	parts	of	south	andaman	island	.
ramtanu	maitra	writes	for	a	number	of	international	journals	and	is	a	regular	contributor	to	the	washington	-	based	eir	and	the	new	delhi	-	based	indian	defense	review	.
he	also	writes	for	aakrosh	,	india	's	defense	-	tied	quarterly	journal	.
[	karzai	also	has	to	deal	with	the	stepped	up	rivalry	between	india	and	pakistan	in	afghanistan	.
islamabad	accuses	new	delhi	of	using	its	consulates	in	kandahar	and	jalalabad	to	train	balochi	insurgents	who	are	active	in	pakistani	balochistan	.
pakistani	officials	claim	there	are	as	many	as	42	raw	agents	based	in	kandahar	and	another	12	in	jalalabad	.
"	there	have	no	business	being	there	unless	they	are	undermining	pakistan	,	''	says	a	pakistani	official	.
both	india	and	afghanistan	deny	the	claim	.
''	should	pakistan	show	us	any	evidence	of	an	indian	hand	using	afghan	soil	to	work	against	our	neighbours	we	will	take	it	very	seriously	,	"	says	amrullah	saleh	the	head	of	afghanistan	's	national	security	directorate	.	]
karzai	,	musharraf	new	regional	equations
kabul	:
for	the	past	25	years	landlocked	afghanistan	has	suffered	from	constant	interference	from	its	neighbours	-	pakistan	,	iran	and	the	central	asian	republics	-	and	regional	powers	-	russia	and	india	.
the	neighbours	are	still	interfering	,	but	there	are	signs	that	rather	than	undermining	afghanistan	's	stability	they	may	now	be	trying	to	strengthen	it	.
"	the	elections	should	be	a	reassurance	to	all	our	neighbours	that	a	stable	afghanistan	,	a	peaceful	afghanistan	is	good	for	all	.
nobody	should	feel	a	looser	in	afghanistan	,	''	president	hamid	karzai	told	pakistan	's	english	daily	the	nation	.
all	the	regional	countries	have	publicly	backed	the	karzai	government	and	supported	the	electoral	process	,	but	serious	undercurrents	remain	as	they	all	have	their	favourite	contenders	in	afghanistan	.
since	september	11	,	pakistan	has	been	repeatedly	accused	by	afghan	and	western	leaders	of	harbouring	taliban	extremists	who	had	pledged	to	disrupt	the	elections	,	but	at	the	highest	level	the	us	has	avoided	criticising	president	pervaiz	musharraf	on	the	grounds	that	he	is	helping	the	us	catch	al	qaeda	elements	inside	pakistan	.
that	changed	on	september	22	when	president	george	w.	bush	,	musharraf	and	karzai	held	a	three	way	meeting	in	new	york	on	the	sidelines	of	the	un	general	assembly	.
the	meeting	was	pushed	together	by	the	cia	and	the	us	defence	department	who	were	desperately	anxious	to	secure	a	peaceful	election	in	afghanistan	and	the	non-interference	of	alleged	pakistani	backed	taliban	.
western	and	afghan	diplomats	intimately	involved	with	the	meeting	,	said	bush	pushed	musharraf	hard	on	reigning	in	the	taliban	so	the	elections	could	take	place	peacefully	.
''	where	are	mullah	omar	,	mullah	usmani	and	gulbuddin	hikmetar	?	''
bush	is	reported	to	have	asked	a	flustered	musharraf	.
all	three	are	extremist	taliban	or	their	allies	and	known	to	be	living	in	pakistan	.
-lrb-	mullah	omar	is	leader	of	the	taliban	,	usmani	is	the	former	corps	commander	of	kandahar	under	the	taliban	regime	and	now	a	commander	of	taliban	forces	while	hikmetyar	heads	the	extremist	hizb	-	e	-	islami	.	-rrb-
''	it	was	the	first	time	that	bush	totally	focused	on	the	taliban	threat	rather	than	al	qaeda	with	the	pakistanis	,	''	says	a	western	diplomat	.
''	bush	was	very	well	briefed	before	the	meeting	,	''	the	diplomat	said	.
an	afghan	official	at	the	meeting	added	,	''	the	americans	now	realise	that	the	taliban	are	a	bigger	threat	to	our	security	than	al	qaeda	.	''
karzai	was	clearly	pleased	at	the	results	.
''	president	musharraf	promised	to	help	us	and	cooperate	with	us	on	curbing	terrorist	activity	by	the	taliban	,	''	says	karzai	.
the	next	day	an	angry	musharraf	categorically	said	that	pakistan	would	not	send	pakistani	troops	to	iraq	,	a	clear	snub	to	the	americans	.
until	then	he	had	said	pakistan	's	options	were	open	.
however	pakistani	officials	insist	that	the	decision	was	unconnected	to	the	tripartite	meeting	.
us	and	nato	military	officers	in	kabul	say	it	is	too	early	to	say	whether	bush	's	tough	message	was	instrumental	in	persuading	musharraf	and	the	isi	to	pressure	the	taliban	to	restrain	from	disrupting	the	elections	.
however	there	were	visible	signs	of	a	crackdown	on	the	pakistan	side	.
''	pakistan	now	has	a	large	force	deployed	in	baluchistan	which	was	not	there	before	,	''	says	lt.	general	david	barno	.
''	there	is	much	better	tactical	cooperation	between	our	forces	on	both	sides	of	the	border	,	but	the	movement	of	taliban	still	goes	on	both	ways	,	''	he	adds	.
also	several	days	before	the	elections	pakistan	closed	the	border	crossing	point	at	chaman	in	baluchistan	which	is	a	key	entry	point	for	the	taliban	into	afghanistan	.
however	us	military	officers	say	regular	army	officers	-	many	of	them	pashtun	-	leading	units	of	the	frontier	corps	who	are	on	the	border	remain	deeply	sympathetic	to	the	taliban	and	the	mullahs	of	the	jui	.
at	the	same	time	the	us	remains	oblivious	of	the	serious	problems	and	political	fallout	which	the	army	is	facing	in	its	operations	in	waziristan	.
not	only	is	the	army	facing	serious	political	fallout	,	growing	anti-americanism	and	anti-army	feeling	in	the	tribal	areas	but	it	is	also	taking	heavy	casualties	-	between	400	-	500	pakistani	soldiers	have	been	killed	in	the	region	since	march	.
musharraf	has	always	maintained	that	the	us	has	never	provided	actionable	intelligence	about	taliban	leaders	hiding	in	baluchistan	.
that	too	may	change	.
us	and	afghan	intelligence	will	shortly	be	presenting	the	isi	with	a	list	of	taliban	extremists	and	their	suspected	whereabouts	.
moreover	there	are	now	major	covert	attempts	under	way	to	try	and	bring	back	to	kabul	leading	taliban	commanders	,	who	have	been	living	quietly	in	pakistan	and	have	taken	no	part	in	the	taliban	insurgency	.
with	the	taliban	failure	to	disrupt	the	afghan	elections	,	the	militants	are	even	more	isolated	from	the	mainstream	taliban	who	want	to	return	home	.
until	now	pakistan	has	not	facilitated	such	a	return	and	clearly	it	can	not	happen	until	there	is	both	a	pull	from	kabul	and	a	push	from	islamabad	.
with	president	karzai	certain	to	win	the	elections	and	the	demotion	of	key	former	northern	alliance	figures	such	as	general	fahim	and	warlord	ismail	khan	,	there	is	now	little	reason	for	moderate	taliban	leaders	to	fear	reprisals	from	former	northern	alliance	figures	if	they	return	home	.
their	removal	should	also	provide	increased	motivation	for	pakistan	to	help	the	return	of	moderate	taliban	.
afghan	officials	welcomed	the	appointment	on	october	3	of	lt.	general	ashfaq	kiyani	as	the	new	isi	chief	.
kayani	is	well	known	and	liked	in	kabul	as	during	the	last	year	he	led	the	pakistani	delegation	in	the	tripartite	military	meetings	with	the	afghan	and	us	military	on	issues	related	to	border	issues	.
karzai	also	has	to	deal	with	the	stepped	up	rivalry	between	india	and	pakistan	in	afghanistan	.
islamabad	accuses	new	delhi	of	using	its	consulates	in	kandahar	and	jalalabad	to	train	balochi	insurgents	who	are	active	in	pakistani	balochistan	.
pakistani	officials	claim	there	are	as	many	as	42	raw	agents	based	in	kandahar	and	another	12	in	jalalabad	.
"	there	have	no	business	being	there	unless	they	are	undermining	pakistan	,	''	says	a	pakistani	official	.
both	india	and	afghanistan	deny	the	claim	.
''	should	pakistan	show	us	any	evidence	of	an	indian	hand	using	afghan	soil	to	work	against	our	neighbours	we	will	take	it	very	seriously	,	"	says	amrullah	saleh	the	head	of	afghanistan	's	national	security	directorate	.
karzai	categorically	said	that	he	has	assured	musharraf	repeatedly	that	any	adverse	action	against	pakistan	taken	by	indian	diplomats	inside	afghanistan	would	be	acted	upon	swiftly	.
senior	us	diplomats	and	military	officials	have	warned	india	also	.
in	a	major	regional	shift	reflecting	the	newly	strengthened	position	of	karzai	,	iran	,	russia	and	india	which	have	traditionally	backed	the	tajik	dominated	former	northern	alliance	made	strenuous	efforts	to	convince	presidential	candidate	younis	qanooni	to	strike	a	deal	with	karzai	before	the	elections	and	not	to	oppose	karzai	.
iran	in	particular	feared	that	qanooni	would	loose	and	then	be	politically	isolated	from	the	mainstream	.
qanooni	refused	to	accept	the	iranian	advice	as	his	fellow	panjsheri	tajiks	urged	him	to	stand	against	karzai	.
however	since	the	elections	iranian	influence	has	proved	critical	in	convincing	the	hazara	shia	candidate	mohammed	mohaqeq	to	accept	the	results	of	the	elections	and	later	convincing	qanooni	to	do	the	same	.
with	the	us	military	presence	posing	a	threat	on	their	borders	in	both	iraq	and	afghanistan	,	iran	's	moderate	leadership	is	keen	to	help	stabilise	karzai	so	that	the	us	presence	in	afghanistan	is	reduced	.
however	powerful	hardliners	in	tehran	may	be	trying	to	undermine	that	strategy	and	a	new	issue	is	likely	to	deepen	the	rift	with	the	moderates	.
iranian	officials	are	deeply	concerned	about	the	us	occupation	of	shindand	,	a	massive	soviet	-	era	airbase	just	30	kilometres	from	iran	's	border	.
the	enhanced	us	presence	in	western	afghanistan	was	only	made	possible	after	the	ousting	of	ismail	khan	,	the	warlord	and	governor	of	herat	province	last	month	,	who	was	a	close	ally	of	iranian	hardliners	.
iranian	officials	say	they	made	no	objections	to	khan	's	ouster	because	they	want	to	strengthen	karzai	's	campaign	against	warlords	.
at	a	time	of	heightened	tensions	between	tehran	and	washington	over	iran	's	nuclear	weapons	program	and	calls	by	neo-conservatives	in	washington	that	a	second	bush	term	should	deal	with	iran	aggressively	,	the	iranians	fear	that	shindand	could	be	used	as	a	listening	post	,	spying	facility	and	even	a	launching	pad	for	any	future	us	actions	against	iran	.
afghan	officials	say	the	americans	have	moved	over	100	special	forces	and	helicopters	to	shindand	.
however	general	barno	insists	the	us	presence	poses	no	threat	to	iran	.
''	we	have	a	very	small	number	of	forces	in	shindand	with	a	few	helicopters	,	''	says	barno	.
nevertheless	this	places	karzai	in	a	difficult	and	sensitive	situation	because	he	has	to	maintain	excellent	relations	with	both	the	us	and	iran	.
''	afghanistan	has	had	the	benefit	of	cooperation	from	both	the	us	and	iran	.
so	far	what	they	have	done	together	has	been	good	for	us	and	that	's	how	we	would	like	to	keep	it	''	,	says	karzai	.
nobody	can	claim	that	the	interference	of	afghanistan	's	neighbours	is	over	,	but	the	elections	will	do	much	to	strengthen	karzai	and	deal	more	firmly	with	neighbours	'	interference	.
in	the	post	election	scenario	it	is	becoming	abundantly	clear	that	the	taliban	do	not	have	the	support	of	the	afghan	people	nor	the	afghan	pashtuns	.
in	a	highly	significant	move	afghan	pashtun	tribes	along	the	pakistan	border	warned	the	taliban	in	quetta	and	chaman	that	if	they	try	and	disrupt	the	elections	,	they	would	be	resisted	.
many	taliban	living	in	afghanistan	voted	for	president	karzai	.
it	is	now	abundantly	clear	that	with	the	rapidly	changing	face	of	afghanistan	,	the	demise	of	key	northern	alliance	figures	and	the	fluid	political	situation	in	afghanistan	,	pakistan	should	reconsider	its	policy	of	giving	unlimited	sanctuary	to	taliban	extremists	living	on	pakistani	soil	.
pakistan	link	16/10/2004
the	debate	that	a	handful	of	texas	multi-millionnaires	close	to	the	bush	family	have	cleverly	manufactured	over	john	kerry	's	war	record	is	absurd	in	every	way	.
the	charges	that	they	have	put	some	vets	up	to	making	against	kerry	are	false	and	can	be	demonstrated	by	the	historical	record	to	be	false	.
most	of	those	making	the	charges	have	even	flip	-	flopped	,	contradicting	themselves	.
or	they	were	n't	eyewitnesses	and	are	just	lying	.
but	to	address	the	substance	of	this	big	lie	is	to	risk	falling	into	its	logic	.
the	true	absurdity	of	the	entire	situation	is	easily	appreciated	when	we	consider	that	george	w.	bush	never	showed	any	bravery	at	all	at	any	point	in	his	life	.
he	has	never	lived	in	a	war	zone	.
if	some	of	john	kerry	's	wounds	were	superficial	,	bush	received	no	wounds	.
-lrb-	and	,	a	piece	of	shrapnel	in	the	forearm	that	caused	only	a	minor	wound	would	have	killed	had	it	hit	an	eye	and	gone	into	the	brain	;	the	shrapnel	being	in	your	body	demonstrates	you	were	in	mortal	danger	and	did	n't	absent	yourself	from	it	.
that	is	the	logic	of	the	medal	-rrb-	.
kerry	saved	a	man	's	life	while	under	fire	.
bush	did	no	such	thing	.
what	was	bush	doing	with	his	youth	?
he	was	drinking	.
he	was	drinking	like	a	fish	,	every	night	,	into	the	wee	hours	.
for	decades	.
he	gave	no	service	to	anyone	,	risked	nothing	,	and	did	not	even	slack	off	efficiently	.
the	history	of	alcoholism	and	possibly	other	drug	use	is	a	key	issue	because	it	not	only	speaks	to	bush	's	character	as	an	addictive	personality	,	but	may	tell	us	something	about	his	erratic	and	alarming	actions	as	president	.
his	explosive	temper	probably	provoked	the	disastrous	siege	of	fallujah	last	spring	,	killing	600	iraqis	,	most	of	them	women	and	children	,	in	revenge	for	the	deaths	of	4	civilian	mercenaries	,	one	of	them	a	south	african	.
-lrb-	newsweek	reported	that	bush	commanded	his	cabinet	,	"	let	heads	roll	!	"	-rrb-
that	temper	is	only	one	problem	.
bush	has	a	sadistic	streak	.
he	clearly	enjoyed	,	as	governor	,	watching	executions	.
his	delight	in	killing	people	became	a	campaign	issue	in	2000	when	he	seemed	,	in	one	debate	,	to	enjoy	the	prospect	of	executing	wrong	-	doers	a	little	too	much	.
he	has	clearly	gone	on	enjoying	killing	people	on	a	large	scale	in	iraq	.
drug	abuse	can	affect	the	ability	of	the	person	to	feel	deep	emotions	like	empathy	.
two	decades	of	pickling	his	nervous	system	in	various	highly	toxic	substances	have	left	bush	damaged	goods	.
even	for	those	who	later	abstain	,	"	visual	-	spatial	abilities	,	abstraction	,	problem	solving	,	and	short	-	term	memory	,	are	the	slowest	to	recover	.	"
that	he	managed	to	get	on	the	wagon	-lrb-	though	with	that	pretzel	incident	,	you	wonder	how	firmly	-rrb-	is	laudable	.
but	he	suffers	the	severe	effects	of	the	aftermath	,	and	we	are	all	suffering	along	with	him	now	,	since	he	is	the	most	powerful	man	in	the	world	.
we	all	know	by	now	that	bush	did	not	even	do	his	full	service	with	the	texas	air	national	guard	,	absenting	himself	to	work	on	the	alabama	senate	campaign	of	winton	"	red	"	blount	.
whether	he	was	actually	awol	during	this	stint	is	unclear	.
but	it	is	clear	that	not	only	did	bush	slack	off	on	his	national	guard	service	,	but	he	slacked	off	from	his	campaign	work	.
this	little	-	noted	interview	with	blount	's	nephew	murph	archibald	,	which	appeared	on	national	public	radio	's	"	all	things	considered	on	march	30	,	2004	,	gives	a	devastating	insight	into	what	it	was	like	to	have	to	suffer	through	bush	in	that	period	.
"	all	things	considered	-lrb-	8:00	pm	et	-rrb-	-	npr	march	30	,	2004	tuesday
this	campaign	season	,	there	have	been	questions	about	whether	george	w.	bush	fulfilled	his	obligations	to	the	national	guard	as	a	young	lieutenant	in	the	early	1970s	.
for	weeks	,	reporters	scoured	alabama	in	search	of	pilots	or	anyone	who	might	have	remembered	seeing	mr.	bush	at	the	time	he	was	serving	in	the	national	guard	there	.
there	is	one	place	in	alabama	where	mr.	bush	was	present	nearly	every	day	:	the	headquarters	in	montgomery	of	us	senate	candidate	winton	"	red	"	blount	.
president	bush	has	always	said	that	working	for	blount	was	the	reason	he	transferred	to	the	alabama	air	national	guard	.
npr	's	wade	goodwyn	has	this	report	about	mr.	bush	's	time	on	that	campaign	.
wade	goodwyn	reporting	:
in	1972	,	baba	groom	was	a	smart	,	funny	young	woman	smack	-	dab	in	the	middle	of	an	exciting	us	senate	campaign	.
groom	was	republican	red	blount	's	scheduler	,	and	in	that	job	,	she	was	the	hub	in	the	campaign	wheel	.
ask	her	about	the	handsome	young	man	from	texas	,	and	she	remembers	him	32	years	later	like	it	was	yesterday	.
ms.	baba	groom	-lrb-	former	campaign	worker	-rrb-	:
he	would	wear	khaki	trousers	and	some	old	jacket	.
he	was	always	ready	to	go	out	on	the	road	.
on	the	phone	,	you	could	hear	his	accent	.
it	was	a	texas	accent	.
but	he	just	melded	with	everybody	.
goodwyn	:	the	candidate	mr.	bush	was	working	for	,	red	blount	,	had	gotten	rich	in	alabama	in	the	construction	business	.
prominent	southern	republicans	were	something	of	a	rare	breed	in	those	days	.
blount	's	support	of	the	party	led	him	to	be	appointed	richard	nixon	's	postmaster	general	.
in	washington	,	blount	became	friends	and	tennis	partners	with	mr.	bush	's	father	,	then	congressman	bush	.
that	was	how	26	-	year	-	old	lieutenant	bush	came	to	montgomery	,	at	his	father	's	urging	.	.	.
it	was	mr.	bush	's	job	to	organize	the	republican	county	chairpersons	in	the	67	alabama	counties	.
back	in	1972	in	the	deep	south	,	many	rural	counties	did	n't	have	much	in	the	way	of	official	republican	party	apparatus	.
but	throughout	alabama	,	there	were	republicans	and	democrats	who	wanted	to	help	red	blount	.
it	was	the	young	texan	's	job	to	find	out	what	each	county	leader	needed	in	the	way	of	campaign	supplies	and	get	those	supplies	to	them	.
groom	says	this	job	helped	mr.	bush	understand	how	even	in	a	statewide	senate	campaign	,	politics	are	local	.
.	.	.	murph	archibald	is	red	blount	's	nephew	by	marriage	,	and	in	1972	,	he	was	coming	off	a	15	-	month	tour	in	vietnam	in	the	infantry	.
archibald	says	that	in	a	campaign	full	of	dedicated	workers	,	mr.	bush	was	not	one	of	them	.
mr.	murph	archibald	-lrb-	nephew	of	red	blount	-rrb-	:	well	,	i	was	coming	in	early	in	the	morning	and	leaving	in	mid-evenings	.
ordinarily	,	george	would	come	in	around	noon	;	he	would	ordinarily	leave	around	5:30	or	6:00	in	the	evening	.
goodwyn	:	archibald	says	that	two	months	before	the	election	,	in	september	of	'72	,	red	blount	's	campaign	manager	came	to	him	and	asked	that	he	quietly	take	over	mr.	bush	's	job	because	the	campaign	materials	were	not	getting	out	to	the	counties	.
mr.	archibald	:	george	certainly	did	n't	seem	to	have	any	concerns	about	my	taking	over	this	work	with	the	campaign	workers	there	.
my	overall	impression	was	that	he	did	n't	seem	as	interested	in	the	campaign	as	the	other	people	who	were	working	at	the	state	headquarters	.
goodwyn	:	murph	archibald	says	that	at	first	,	he	did	n't	know	that	mr.	bush	was	serving	in	the	air	national	guard	.
after	he	found	out	from	somebody	else	,	archibald	attempted	to	talk	to	mr.	bush	about	it	.
the	president	was	a	lieutenant	and	archibald	had	been	a	lieutenant	,	too	;	he	figured	they	had	something	to	talk	about	.
mr.	archibald	:	george	did	n't	have	any	interest	at	all	in	talking	about	the	military	.
in	fact	,	when	i	broached	the	subject	with	him	,	he	simply	changed	the	subject	.
he	was	n't	unpleasant	about	it	,	but	he	just	changed	the	subject	and	would	n't	talk	about	it	.
goodwyn	:	far	from	texas	and	washington	,	dc	,	mr.	bush	enjoyed	his	freedom	.
he	dated	a	beautiful	young	woman	working	on	the	campaign	.
he	went	out	in	the	evenings	and	had	a	good	time	.
in	fact	,	he	left	the	house	he	rented	in	such	disrepair	--	with	damage	to	the	walls	and	a	chandelier	destroyed	--	that	the	montgomery	family	who	owned	it	still	grumble	about	the	unpaid	repair	bill	.
archibald	says	mr.	bush	would	come	into	the	office	and	,	in	a	friendly	way	,	offer	up	stories	about	the	drinking	he	'd	done	the	night	before	,	kind	of	as	a	conversation	starter	.
mr.	archibald	:	people	have	different	ways	of	starting	the	days	in	any	office	.
they	're	going	to	talk	about	their	kids	,	they	're	going	to	talk	about	football	,	they	're	going	to	talk	about	the	weather	.
and	this	was	simply	his	opening	gambit	;	he	would	start	talking	about	that	he	had	been	out	late	the	night	before	drinking	.
goodwyn	:	archibald	says	the	frequency	with	which	mr.	bush	discussed	the	subject	was	off	-	putting	to	him	.
mr.	archibald	:	i	mean	,	at	that	time	,	i	was	28	;	george	would	have	been	25	or	26	.
and	i	thought	it	was	really	unusual	that	someone	in	their	mid-20s	would	initiate	conversations	,	particularly	in	the	context	of	something	as	serious	as	a	us	senatorial	campaign	,	by	talking	about	their	drinking	the	night	before	.
i	thought	it	unusual	and	,	frankly	,	inappropriate	.
goodwyn	:	according	to	archibald	,	mr.	bush	would	also	sometimes	tell	stories	about	his	days	at	yale	in	new	haven	,	and	how	whenever	he	got	pulled	over	for	erratic	driving	,	he	was	let	go	after	the	officers	discovered	he	was	the	grandson	of	a	connecticut	us	senator	.
archibald	,	a	middle	-	class	alabama	boy	--	who	,	by	the	way	,	is	now	a	registered	democrat	--	did	n't	like	that	story	.
mr.	archibald	:	he	told	us	whenever	he	was	stopped	,	as	soon	as	the	law	enforcement	found	out	that	he	was	the	grandson	of	prescott	bush	,	they	would	let	him	go	.
and	he	would	always	laugh	about	that	.	"
goodwyn	dutifully	notes	that	baba	groom	did	n't	remember	george	telling	drunk	stories	.
but	that	means	nothing	,	since	they	were	n't	the	sort	of	things	guys	like	bush	told	the	"	girls	"	.
he	was	trying	to	buddy	with	archibald	and	impress	him	.
again	,	decades	of	this	sort	of	behavior	do	not	leave	a	person	untouched	.
our	world	is	in	crisis	and	our	republic	is	in	danger	.
it	should	not	be	left	in	the	hands	of	a	man	who	spent	his	life	like	this	.
when	the	cities	are	on	fire	with	the	burning	flesh	of	men
just	remember	that	death	is	not	the	end
and	you	search	in	vain	to	find	just	one	law	abiding	citizen
just	remember	that	death	is	not	the	end	-	bob	dylan
afraid	i	do	n't	have	time	today	to	discuss	these	,	but	some	stories	need	attention	:
from	wednesday	's	mirror	the	headline	,	"	have	200,000	ak47s	fallen	into	the	hands	of	iraq	terrorists	?	"
-lrb-	also	see	this	thread	on	the	ri	discussion	board	-rrb-	:
some	200,000	guns	the	us	sent	to	iraqi	security	forces	may	have	been	smuggled	to	terrorists	,	it	was	feared	yesterday	.
the	99	-	tonne	cache	of	ak47s	was	to	have	been	secretly	flown	out	from	a	us	base	in	bosnia	.
but	the	four	planeloads	of	arms	have	vanished	.
orders	for	the	deal	to	go	ahead	were	given	by	the	us	department	of	defense	.
but	the	work	was	contracted	out	via	a	complex	web	of	private	arms	traders	.
and	the	moldovan	airline	used	to	transport	the	shipment	was	blasted	by	the	un	in	2003	for	smuggling	arms	to	liberia	,	human	rights	group	amnesty	has	discovered	.
it	follows	a	separate	probe	claiming	that	thousands	of	guns	meant	for	iraq	's	police	and	army	instead	went	to	al	-	qaeda	.
amnesty	chief	spokesman	mike	blakemore	said	:	"	it	's	unbelievable	that	no	one	can	account	for	200,000	assault	rifles	.
if	these	weapons	have	gone	missing	it	's	a	terrifying	prospect	.	"
american	defence	chiefs	hired	a	us	firm	to	take	the	guns	,	from	the	90s	bosnian	war	,	to	iraq	.
but	air	traffic	controllers	in	baghdad	have	no	record	of	the	flights	,	which	supposedly	took	off	between	july	2004	and	july	2005	.
a	coalition	forces	spokesman	confirmed	they	had	not	received	"	any	weapons	from	bosnia	"	and	added	they	were	"	not	aware	of	any	purchases	for	iraq	from	bosnia	"	.
nato	and	us	officials	have	already	voiced	fears	that	bosnian	arms	-	sold	by	us	,	british	and	swiss	firms	-	are	being	passed	to	insurgents	.
a	nato	spokesman	said	:	"	there	's	no	tracking	mechanism	to	ensure	they	do	n't	fall	into	the	wrong	hands	.
there	are	concerns	that	some	may	have	been	siphoned	off	.	"
this	year	a	newspaper	claimed	two	uk	firms	were	involved	in	a	deal	in	which	thousands	of	guns	for	iraqi	forces	were	re-routed	to	al	-	qaeda	.
the	moldovan	airline	is	aerocom	,	and	yes	,	it	's	one	of	victor	bout	's	.
it	's	always	a	bang	-	your	-	head	-	against	-	the	-	wall	moment	,	reading	again	the	play	the	incompetence	theory	receives	,	even	from	some	of	the	administration	's	harshest	mainstream	critics	.
but	then	,	even	to	talk	of	an	"	administration	"	may	be	misdirection	at	this	point	,	given	how	little	representative	government	means	in	the	united	states	these	days	,	and	how	much	of	"	national	security	"	has	been	privatized	into	a	global	gangland	of	drugs	and	guns	.
like	the	tens	of	billions	of	dollars	that	have	been	"	lost	"	in	iraq	,	planeloads	of	arms	do	n't	just	"	vanish	"	;	not	when	the	pentagon	contracts	the	work	to	an	international	criminal	of	bout	's	untouchable	stature	.
but	bout	's	name	is	n't	likely	to	be	mentioned	in	whatever	coverage	this	story	receives	,	before	it	sinks	like	so	many	others	beneath	the	media	's	frothing	triviality	.
meanwhile	,	a	decision	's	been	reached	in	the	trial	of	toledo	priest	gerald	robinson	.
and	it	's	guilty	:
the	rev.	gerald	robinson	appeared	stony	-	faced	as	the	jury	's	guilty	verdict	was	read	,	and	he	blinked	repeatedly	and	glanced	at	his	lawyers	before	being	led	away	in	handcuffs	.
...
the	crime	occurred	in	the	sacristy	adjoining	the	hospital	chapel	in	downtown	toledo	on	the	saturday	before	easter	in	1980	.
investigators	said	the	nun	,	margaret	ann	pahl	,	71	,	was	strangled	and	then	stabbed	,	with	nine	wounds	on	her	chest	forming	the	shape	of	an	inverted	cross	,	a	well	-	recognized	satanic	symbol	.
an	altar	cloth	was	draped	over	her	half	-	naked	body	,	which	was	posed	as	if	she	had	been	sexually	assaulted	.
"	it	was	about	how	he	could	humiliate	her	the	most	,	"	prosecutor	dean	mandros	said	in	closing	arguments	.
"	he	left	a	message	for	everyone	to	see	...	maybe	to	god	himself	.	"
after	the	sentencing	one	of	robinson	's	tearful	supporters	"	turned	to	claudia	vercellotti	,	a	local	leader	of	the	survivors	network	for	those	abused	by	priests	[	snap	]	,	who	had	helped	reopen	the	case	,	and	told	her	,	'	i	hope	you	rot	in	hell	!	'	"
from	snap	's	statement	on	the	robinson	conviction	:
more	than	ever	,	police	and	prosecutors	have	the	tools	and	the	will	to	go	after	horrific	crimes	,	even	when	the	defendants	are	seemingly	powerful	individuals	or	institutions	.
when	victims	and	witnesses	stay	silent	,	nothing	changes	.
when	victims	and	witnesses	speak	up	,	at	least	sometimes	a	child	is	protected	,	the	truth	is	exposed	,	and	justice	is	done	.
the	murder	weapon	,	robinson	's	letter	opener	:
finally	,	from	an	email	,	a	follow	-	up	on	the	reopening	of	the	investigation	into	the	atlanta	child	murders	:
dekalb	county	police	chief	louis	graham	...	the	man	who	reopened	the	investigations	last	year	,	is	mysteriously	stepping	down	.
and	of	all	the	people	who	the	county	is	getting	to	find	a	replacement	...	is	none	other	than	lee	brown	,	the	original	supervisor	of	the	atlanta	pd	,	who	was	in	office	during	the	murders	and	the	subsequent	investigation	.
snap	is	right	in	part	.
police	and	prosecutors	have	the	tools	.
the	will	is	another	matter	.
some	do	,	individually	.
but	institutionally	?
that	's	still	the	domain	of	those	who	do	n't	.
lots	of	important	stories	out	there	today	jeff	....	thank	god	and	a	few	good	souls	for	that	conviction	.
have	you	sent	this	to	congress	yet	?
talk	about	law	enforcement	not	having	the	will	...
crackdown	on	polygamy	group
small	polygamous	groups	have	existed	in	the	southwestern	us	under	the	watchful	yet	fairly	benign	eye	of	authorities	ever	since	a	sect	known	as	the	fundamentalist	latter	day	saints	-lrb-	flds	-rrb-	separated	itself	from	mainstream	mormonism	in	1890	.
...
now	,	flds	leader	warren	jeffs	has	been	added	to	the	fbi	's	list	of	"	ten	most	wanted	fugitives	,	"	a	move	that	caps	law	enforcement	's	dramatic	change	of	approach	toward	the	polygamous	group	in	recent	years	...	[	because	of	]	the	impact	that	the	group	's	practices	,	law	enforcement	officials	say	,	are	having	on	the	most	vulnerable	within	the	sect	,	particularly	children	and	women	.
when	the	flds	under	mr.	jeffs	-lrb-	and	his	father	before	him	-rrb-	grew	to	some	10,000	followers	in	several	southwestern	communities	with	estimated	assets	of	$	110	million	;	when	it	became	clear	that	government	officials	,	school	authorities	,	and	police	in	those	communities	had	become	intertwined	with	the	sect	;	when	ex-members	increasingly	reported	child	and	sexual	abuse	charges	-lrb-	mainly	involving	underage	girls	forced	to	marry	older	men	-rrb-	;	and	when	the	sect	began	to	use	secluded	compounds	,	state	and	federal	authorities	started	to	crack	down	more	vigorously	.
...
specifically	,	jeffs	is	charged	in	utah	and	arizona	with	sexual	assault	of	underage	girls	and	with	arranging	"	spiritual	"	marriages	for	girls	and	older	men	.
at	weekend	press	conferences	in	salt	lake	city	and	phoenix	,	fbi	and	state	officials	said	jeffs	"	is	considered	armed	and	dangerous	and	may	be	traveling	with	armed	bodyguards	.	"
in	the	past	,	he	has	talked	in	apocalyptic	terms	about	a	violent	end	to	the	world	,	according	to	former	members	.
...
as	with	christian	identity	and	other	hate	-	related	philosophies	tied	to	the	aryan	nations	and	the	neo-nazi	creativity	movement	,	jeffs	has	preached	racism	as	well	.
"	the	black	race	is	the	people	through	which	the	devil	has	always	been	able	to	bring	evil	unto	the	earth	,	"	jeffs	has	said	as	cited	by	the	southern	poverty	law	center	's	"	intelligence	report	.	"
an	editorial	in	the	church	-	owned	deseret	morning	news	in	salt	lake	city	earlier	this	year	acknowledged	that	"	the	state	's	history	,	a	conservative	belief	in	free	choice	,	and	an	unwillingness	to	stir	up	a	hornet	's	nest	in	the	national	media	have	likely	all	contributed	to	the	kid	-	glove	approach	lawmakers	and	law	-	enforcement	officers	have	taken	when	dealing	with	polygamous	communities	.	"
http://www.csmonitor.com/2006/0509/p02s01-ussc.html?s=t5
maybe	i	'm	missing	something	here	,	but	how	,	exactly	,	does	one	'	loose	'	200,000	ak47's	?
"	there	's	no	tracking	mechanism	in	place	"	?!?!?
never	mind	.
no	need	to	worry	.
i	'm	sure	this	kind	of	thing	goes	on	all	the	time	.
we	now	return	you	to	your	regularly	scheduled	programming	....
just	go	here	,	it	s	simply	amazing
the	raw	story
i	count	like	14	explosive	headlines	.
then	,	of	course	,	there	is	the	evidence	the	jury	did	not	hear	about	in	the	robinson	case	...
funny	how	some	things	are	squirelled	away	by	well	-	meaning	prosecutors	...
maybe	because	they	hint	at	a	larger	conspiracy	/	network	of	abusers	/	satanic	underground	?
i	read	of	a	case	not	long	ago	when	some	people	were	trying	to	get	a	polygamous	judge	taken	off	the	bench	for	not	obeying	state	law	.
of	course	law	enforcement	has	dragged	it's	feet	when	members	are	taking	part	in	the	activity	themselves	.
personally	i	do	n't	give	a	damn	what	adults	do	to	one	another	as	long	as	there	is	no	abuse	invovled	.
it	is	the	marrying	off	of	young	girls	to	older	men	often	close	relatives	that	enfurates	me	.
also	these	cults	have	multimillions	yet	the	women	and	kids	live	in	poverty	so	the	leaders	can	live	the	high	life	.
in	the	warren	jeffs	cult	he	reassigns	wives	if	the	husband	displeases	him	or	to	reward	the	new	husband	.
husbands	marry	mothers	and	teen	daughters	at	the	same	time	.
a	rare	form	of	retardation	is	showing	up	in	that	group	more	than	anywhere	else	in	the	world	.
it	is	genetic	and	the	child	needs	to	get	the	gene	from	both	parents	to	turn	into	a	vegetable	instead	of	a	thinking	child	.
the	doctor	begs	them	to	stop	intermarrying	but	they	say	they	have	to	keep	the	blood	pure	.
look	up	fumarase	deficiency	for	more	info	.
also	look	up	the	kingston	family	.
one	member	actually	was	convicted	of	beating	his	teen	daughter	unconcious	when	she	ran	away	from	'	marriage	'	to	her	father	's	own	brother	.
no	one	was	charged	for	forced	marriage	,	only	the	beating	.
so	we	"	lost	"	some	weapon	?
it	's	a	good	thing	too	.
we	would	n't	want	those	terrorists	to	run	out	of	shit	to	shoot	at	us	.
then	the	war	might	stop	&	all	those	juicy	profits	would	just	evaporate	.
what	's	a	few	dead	soldiers	in	comparison	to	keeping	all	those	defense	contractors	awash	in	all	that	tax	cash	?
they	really	are	milking	the	incompetence	angle	though	,	are	n't	they	?
just	another	big	iraq	whoopsie	daisy	,	huh	?
christ	,	you	'd	think	america	would	get	a	bit	tired	of	these	guys	treating	her	like	she	was	populated	with	nothing	but	gullible	idiots	.
i	suppose	that	it	's	damn	lucky	for	the	gop	that	she	is	populated	with	gullible	idiots	.
us	outsourcing	special	ops	,	intelligence	to	iraq	terror	group	,	intelligence	officials	say
the	pentagon	is	bypassing	official	us	intelligence	channels	and	turning	to	a	dangerous	and	unruly	cast	of	characters	in	order	to	create	strife	in	iran	in	preparation	for	any	possible	attack	,	former	and	current	intelligence	officials	say	...
http://www.rawstory.com/news/2006/us_outsourcing_special_operations_intelligence_gathering_0413.html
a	country	deserves	the	leaders	it	has	,	my	friends	...
and	mek	--	the	iranian	-lrb-	not	iraqi	-rrb-	terror	group	in	question	--	is	itself	unquestionably	a	cult	:
as	the	leaders	like	to	boast	,	the	mujahedeen	is	a	family	affair	.
-lrb-	''	we	have	three	generations	of	martyrs	:	grandmothers	,	mothers	,	daughters	.	''	-rrb-
most	of	the	girls	i	was	meeting	had	grown	up	in	mujahedeen	schools	in	ashraf	,	where	they	lived	separated	from	their	parents	.
family	visits	were	allowed	on	thursday	nights	and	fridays	.
when	iraq	invaded	kuwait	,	many	of	these	girls	were	transported	to	jordan	and	then	smuggled	to	various	countries	--	germany	,	france	,	canada	,	denmark	,	england	,	the	united	states	--	where	they	were	raised	by	guardians	who	were	usually	mujahedeen	supporters	.
when	they	were	18	or	19	,	many	of	them	decided	to	come	back	to	iraq	and	fill	the	ranks	of	the	youngest	mujahedeen	generation	.
though	''	decided	''	is	probably	not	the	right	word	,	since	from	the	day	they	were	born	,	these	girls	and	boys	were	not	taught	to	think	for	themselves	but	to	blindly	follow	their	leaders	.
''	every	morning	and	night	,	the	kids	,	beginning	as	young	as	1	and	2	,	had	to	stand	before	a	poster	of	massoud	and	maryam	,	salute	them	and	shout	praises	to	them	,	''	nadereh	afshari	,	a	former	mujahedeen	deep	-	believer	,	told	me	.
afshari	,	who	was	posted	in	germany	and	was	responsible	for	receiving	mujahedeen	children	during	the	gulf	war	,	said	that	when	the	german	government	tried	to	absorb	mujahedeen	children	into	their	education	system	,	the	mujahedeen	refused	.
many	of	the	children	were	sent	to	mujahedeen	schools	,	particularly	in	france	.
the	rajavis	,	afshari	went	on	to	say	,	''	saw	these	kids	as	the	next	generation	's	soldiers	.
they	wanted	to	brainwash	them	and	control	them	.	''
which	may	explain	the	pattern	to	their	stories	:	a	journey	to	self	-	empowerment	and	the	enlightenment	of	self	-	sacrifice	inspired	by	the	light	and	wisdom	of	maryam	and	massoud	.
link
one	has	to	wonder	whether	the	bright	fellows	in	our	government	and	military	who	set	up	the	deals	with	these	people	do	n't	know	what	they	are	,	do	n't	care	,	or	know	perfectly	well	.
jeff	,
sploid.com	cited	you	on	the	topic	of	that	priest	conviction	:	http://www.sploid.com/news/2006/05/evil_priest_gui.php
umm	...
question	mark
jimmy	plant	,	blogshares	is	a	fantasy	blogosphere	trading	game	with	pretend	money	.
that	's	all	i	know	;	i	've	had	nothing	to	do	with	it	.
bush	successfully	makes	satan	look	good	in	comparison	.
or	something	like	that	.
http://www.laweekly.com/general/features/satan-loves-you/13454/
"	another	generation	of	heavy	metal	has	taken	over	,	and	--	sorry	--	it	ai	n't	just	about	strippers	and	dope	.
okay	,	it	's	partly	about	strippers	and	dope	.
and	we	'll	get	around	to	that	.
but	more	and	more	,	as	metal	evolves	into	a	huge	international	music	that	belongs	to	everyone	,	it	has	gotten	to	be	something	weirder	.
it	's	become	a	guardian	of	morality	--	not	church	morality	;	real	morality	.
praise	be	:	given	the	void	in	responsible	behavior	among	governments	,	police	,	educational	establishments	and	religions	,	the	task	of	guiding	our	youth	down	the	path	of	righteousness	has	fallen	to	...	satan	"
hmmmmmm	....................
the	people	who	carry	out	these	underground	arms	/	drugs	/	sex	trafficking	deals	are	trauma	based	mind	controlled	slaves	.
the	moldovan	airline	is	aerocom	,	and	yes	,	it	's	one	of	victor	bout	's	.
the	wikipedia	entry	for	aerocom	is	just	a	stub	..	waiting	for	someone	to	put	some	information	into	it	....
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aerocom
so	...	put	some	information	in	there	.
you	know	,	nature	hates	a	void	.	:-rrb-
richard	,
i	agree	,	hmmmmmm	.
how	are	chants	of	death	and	suicide	...	morality	.
what	about	manson	's	tees	bearing	the	message	,	"	kill	your	parents	"	.
and	were	the	columbine	killers	acting	out	this	"	real	morality	"	when	they	indescriminately	murdered	their	classmates	.
they	were	death	metal	brainwashed	fans	,	literally	fulfilling	the	death	metal	paradigm	,	er	...	morality	.
-lrb-	not	church	morality	,	no	that	is	phoney	,	love	thy	neighbor	...	hell	no	,	kill	thy	neighbor	-	now	that	is	real	morality	?????	-rrb-
so	,	hmmmm	indeed	.
i	detect	the	hissing	lisp	of	the	lying	serpent	in	this	article	.
the	deathly	inversion	of	truth	,	ala	satanism	.
i	think	the	jury	's	still	out	on	exactly	who	did	the	brainwashing	when	in	regard	to	the	columbine	killers	.
perhaps	we	should	look	at	the	death	metal	phenomenon	less	as	an	invitation	to	violence	than	as	a	couter-cultural	response	to	the	over	hypocrisy	of	a	large	percentage	of	the	'	church	-	morality	'	crowd	,	which	gives	a	lot	of	lip	service	to	loving	thy	neighbor	,	but	does	n't	apply	that	love	very	far	beyond	their	own	congregation	.
the	last	i	checked	,	the	satanists	have	a	long	way	to	go	to	catch	up	with	the	death	and	destruction	dealt	out	by	self	-	proclaimed	-lrb-	though	false	-rrb-	christians	.
irony	is	dead	...	long	live	irony	!
that	's	it	.
i	'm	firing	my	editor	.
well	,	it	's	not	as	simple	and	clear	cut	as	all	that	.
we	're	entering	into	some	interesting	and	perhaps	previously	unexplored	socio-political	-	spiritual	territory	here	that	may	require	further	examination	and	serious	introspection	.
the	kevin	coogan	publication	posted	on	the	previous	thread	might	serve	as	a	good	launching	point	for	further	discussion	.
the	following	quote	is	from	that	coogan	article	:
imaginary	evil	is	romantic	and	varied	;	real	evil	is	gloomy	,	monotonous	,	barren	,	boring	.
imaginary	good	is	boring	;	real	good	is	always	new	,	marvelous	,	intoxicating	.
-	simone	weil
starroute	:
i	would	n't	wonder	too	hard	.
the	answer	is	likely	d	:	all	of	the	above	,	due	to	this	being	a	complex	reality	we	live	in	.
but	to	me	,	without	question	,	they	often	know	perfectly	well	.
here	is	a	thought	:	when	the	appartently	cognitively	functional	take	actions	that	seem	senseless	and	incompetent	,	it	is	a	most	certain	sign	that	they	have	ulterior	or	hidden	motives	.
they	trust	you	and	me	to	be	befuddled	by	their	actions	,	while	they	"	do	as	they	wilt	"	.
http://youtube.com/watch?v=d46_ctqdmi4
to	not	buying	the	bs
&	here	i	am	thinking	that	i	really	must	be	getting	old	.
since	the	article	was	specifically	about	"	death	metal	"	i	guess	the	author	missed	this	little	tidbit	or	we	just	have	waaaaaaaaaaaaay	different	definitions	of	morality	:
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/programmes/this_world/4446342.stm
one	man	's	relentless	search	for	his	missing	son	led	him	to	uncover	one	of	the	most	shocking	crimes	in	post-war	italy	-	a	tale	of	satanism	and	violence	that	has	gripped	the	country	for	more	than	a	year	.
in	january	1998	fabio	tollis	and	chiara	marino	,	both	just	16	,	disappeared	.
they	had	been	drinking	at	a	pub	called	the	midnight	-	the	centre	of	the	heavy	metal	scene	in	milan	-	and	they	never	came	home	.
the	police	and	many	of	their	friends	just	thought	they	had	run	off	together	.
but	their	parents	refused	to	accept	this	.
michele	tollis	,	fabio	's	father	,	began	to	attend	metal	concerts	and	festivals	across	europe	,	handing	out	leaflets	and	quizzing	fabio	's	friends	.
fabio	and	his	friends	were	into	the	most	extreme	forms	of	heavy	metal	music	-	death	metal	and	black	metal	,	music	obsessed	with	images	of	murder	and	satanism	-	and	the	role	of	this	music	is	central	to	the	story	.
no	one	can	contradict	me	when	i	say	that	heavy	metal	and	satanism	are	closely	linked
michele	tollis
it	emerged	that	chiara	,	the	girl	who	disappeared	with	fabio	,	had	a	collection	of	satanic	literature	and	paraphernalia	in	her	bedroom	.
during	this	search	,	michele	tollis	became	convinced	that	satanism	had	something	to	do	with	his	son	's	disappearance	.
"	no	one	can	contradict	me	when	i	say	that	heavy	metal	and	satanism	are	closely	linked	.
they	're	inseparable	,	"	he	says	.
yeah	,	i	think	jeff	wrote	on	one	of	his	posts	here	in	the	past	several	months	:	"	to	hell	with	death	"	.
i	wholly	agree	,	and	would	expand	that	statement	to	include	:	"	to	hell	with	death	metal	"	.
the	freaky	thing	here	is	that	these	bozos	are	seriously	claiming	the	moral	high	ground	?	?	?	?	?
talk	about	a	beat	-	your	-	head	-	against	-	the	-	wall	moment	!
and	for	'	smartwolf	'	above	,	think	about	the	inversion	principle	being	employed	.
they	are	doing	it	deliberately	.
do	you	really	think	gwb	,	and	neocons	in	general	are	representative	of	true	followers	of	jesus	of	nazareth	?
-lrb-	i	know	,	ignorant	question	-rrb-	then	why	call	them	,	or	any	other	phonies	'	christians	'	,	even	if	they	themselves	claim	the	appellation	.
they	are	merely	imposters	.
everything	they	claim	is	a	lie	,	and	this	above	all	.
so	why	even	credit	their	claims	?
this	only	serves	their	purposes	.
they	want	to	be	identified	as	'	christians	'	,	and	i	fully	suspect	that	for	some	of	them	,	the	motivation	behind	their	subterfuge	is	more	than	mere	political	advantage	,	and	has	a	lot	more	to	do	with	the	black	magician	's	practice	of	the	inversion	principle	.
we	need	to	be	more	'	rigorous	'	about	how	we	perceive	these	people	.
see	them	as	they	are	,	not	for	what	they	claim	to	be	.
...	the	most	extreme	forms	of	heavy	metal	music	-	death	metal	and	black	metal	,	music	obsessed	with	images	of	murder	and	satanism	-	and	the	role	of	this	music	is	central	to	the	story	.
almost	all	of	the	avant	guard	art	movements	of	the	early	20th	century	-lrb-	except	for	italian	futurism	-rrb-	were	labeled	'	degenerate	'	by	the	national	socialists	.
adolf	hitler	even	held	an	exhibition	of	'	degenerate	art	'	in	1937	,	while	curating	a	parallel	show	of	'	aryan	'	art	across	the	street	.
the	german	expressionist	movement	was	destroyed	as	a	result	.
here	's	a	quick	overview	of	the	entartete	kunst	-lrb-	degenerate	art	-rrb-	exhibit	of	1937	:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/degenerate_art
ironically	-lrb-	or	perhaps	not	-rrb-	,	the	notion	of	the	'	degenerate	'	and	'	degenerate	art	'	was	appropriated	by	the	nazis	and	its	origins	can	be	traced	back	to	jewish	'	intellectual	'	max	nordau	and	a	1892	book	he	authored	called	degeneration	.	.
nordau	was	also	the	co	founder	of	the	world	zionist	organization	.
when	the	apparently	cognitively	functional	take	actions	that	seem	senseless	and	incompetent	,	it	is	a	most	certain	sign	that	they	have	ulterior	or	hidden	motives	.
they	trust	you	and	me	to	be	befuddled	by	their	actions	,	while	they	"	do	as	they	wilt	.	"
a	question	:
are	the	adherent	of	'	crowleyan	thelema	'	and	others	of	similar	ilk	appropriating	or	appropriating	from	the	appropriators	to	redirect	'	energy	?	'
does	this	reappropriation	lead	to	or	originate	from	the	same	place	?
seems	as	if	there	is	a	clear	distinction	being	made	between	the	'	imaginary	'	whore	of	babalon	and	the	actually	whore	of	babylon	,	which	is	this	global	system	.
is	the	distinction	accurate	and	valid	?
does	the	distinction	actually	exist	?
this	is	where	the	socio	-	political	aspect	of	this	conundrum	comes	into	play	.
confused	?
good	.
so	,	enemy	,	what	's	your	point	?
why	do	n't	you	state	it	?
my	point	is	that	these	are	all	just	questions	and	i	am	undecided	as	to	the	answers	.
here	's	another	interesting	example	:
john	balance	from	coil	.
-lrb-	do	n't	wish	to	use	wikipedia	again	,	it	's	just	easier	than	spending	time	looking	up	more	obscure	and	detailed	information	.	-rrb-
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_balance
http://www.guardian.co.uk/obituaries/story/0,3604,1371372,00.html
balance	died	in	2004	after	a	'	fall	.	'
he	blended	belief	systems	such	as	shamanism	,	christianity	,	buddhism	,	paganism	,	hermeticism	and	gnosticism	and	imbued	coil	's	vast	output	with	a	magickal	current	designed	to	have	a	functionally	transcendent	effect	on	listeners	.
not	200,000	guns	-	the	numbers	do	nt	work	:
5	kg	per	gun	,	200,000	guns	means	1000	tonnes	,	impossible	for	4	containers	.
if	the	load	was	99	tonnes	there	were	probably	less	than	20,000	.
e@tg	:
maybe	if	you	formulate	your	questions	a	little	more	specifically	it	will	help	you	in	acquiring	the	answers	.
"	i	am	,	therefore	i	think	"	:-rrb-
reporting	from	the	town	where	susan	polk	's	trial	is	going	on	.
i	went	across	the	bay	last	night	to	attend	a	farmer	's	market	and	music	event	.
lo	and	behold	,	the	mormons	were	there	with	a	booth	.
two	young	men	delivering	information	about	the	mormon	genealogy	program	.
just	give	your	email	and	/	or	phone	number	to	these	guys	and	they	'll	track	down	your	family	.
i	was	amazed	at	the	spiel	they	delivered	.
kindly	young	men	,	but	utterly	programmed	and	brain	-	dead	.
i	resisted	asking	any	questions	that	would	have	required	either	of	them	to	think	.
it	would	have	been	too	painful	to	watch	.
has	anyone	read	the	letter	purportedly	from	ahmadinejad	to	george	bush	?
http://www.thetruthseeker.co.uk/article.asp?id=4503
i	do	n't	know	if	this	has	been	verified	.
but	succintly	making	point	after	succint	point	,	the	text	of	the	letter	stands	on	its	own	merit	,	regardless	.
i	like	to	imagine	the	thought	processes	going	on	in	w	's	head	if	he	were	to	actually	read	the	letter	,	but	it	is	hard	to	picture	him	actually	reading	this	letter	.
as	i	read	the	letter	,	i	considered	the	vast	contrast	between	mind	and	morality	of	whoever	wrote	it	,	vs.	that	of	the	mind	of	the	man	who	once	said	"	bring	it	on	!	"
america	,	your	condition	is	dire	,	dark	and	deep	.
of	the	metal	music	farce	,	ministry	has	definately	made	in	-	road	into	'	loose	change	"	-	"	alex	jones	"	territory	with	their	new	record	,	rio	grande	blood	.
important	kos	diary	about	bush	's	response	to	the	gathering	storm	of	scandals	:
http://www.dailykos.com/story/2006/5/12/232746/857
=	executive	orders	-
very	creepy	,	very	scary
they	have	been	accumulating	for	years	,	and	basically	give	the	president	to	sieze	the	government	whenever	he	feels	like	it	.
but	who	would	do	a	thing	like	that	....	hey	wait	a	minute
==	why	did	bush	revoke	executive	order	13011	today	?
by	exmearden
fri	may	12	,	2006	at	08:27:46	pm	pdt
in	scanning	the	whitehouse.gov	site	today	,	i	noticed	the	following	executive	order	:
executive	order	:	amendments	to	executive	orders	11030	,	13279	,	13339	,	13381	,	and	13389	,	and	***	revocation	***	of	executive	order	13011	....
i	ca	n't	believe	there	are	no	serious	metal	fans	who	frequent	ri	.
i	'm	wary	of	jumping	into	this	fray	without	backup	,	that	's	for	damn	sure	.	:-rrb-
i	'm	a	regular	poster	but	for	some	reason	blogger	wo	n't	let	me	in	today	...	but	sign	me	troublefunk	.
tronicus	:
simply	,	the	questions	permeate	the	entire	'	western	-lrb-	mystery	-rrb-	tradition	'	and	perhaps	'	eastern	'	as	well	,	as	they	relate	to	the	confluence	of	politics	and	spirituality	.
for	example	,	is	the	system	of	crowleyan	thelema	a	failed	alchemical	process	?
or	was	it	supposed	to	initially	be	a	process	of	alchemical	appropriation	?
similarly	,	is	invoking	ancient	egyptian	gods	and	goddesses	a	reaffirmation	of	an	oppressive	and	hierarchical	system	?
in	my	opinion	,	people	can	no	longer	afford	to	partition	out	and	compartmentalize	personal	spiritual	and	political	systems	.
the	'	high	weirdness	'	and	more	hardcore	political	'	factions	'	must	perhaps	integrate	and	arrive	at	a	synthesis	.
in	regards	to	death	metal	,	the	problem	is	,	once	again	,	a	question	of	education	,	history	and	the	vacuous	lack	of	perspective	in	american	culture	.
shall	we	censor	the	works	of	poet	charles	baudelaire	as	well	?
baudelaire	was	perhaps	one	of	the	first	'	death	metal	'	artists	.
tronicus	,	if	you	're	still	checking	this	thread	:
a	bit	of	a	knee	-	jerk	reaction	from	me	there	,	and	i	apologize	for	my	over-generalizations	.
my	real	problem	is	with	literalist	fundamentalists	,	of	any	religion	.
true	believers	are	dangerous	animals	.
i	just	get	hung	up	on	'	christians	'	,	as	they	're	the	dominant	form	where	i	come	from	.
also	,	i	'm	quite	clear	on	the	fact	that	those	in	power	now	-lrb-	and	,	in	general	,	most	anyone	at	the	top	of	a	pyrimidal	power	structure	-rrb-	tend	to	use	the	dominant	religion	as	a	cloak	to	hide	their	true	motivations	and	as	a	tool	to	control	the	masses	.
it	boggles	the	mind	that	anyone	can	take	at	face	value	bush	's	claims	to	be	a	christian	,	yet	many	seem	to	do	just	that	.
i	seem	to	remember	something	about	'	by	their	works	shall	ye	know	them	.	"
i	do	get	my	hackles	up	a	bit	when	people	haul	out	the	old	'	rock	-	n	-	roll	made	them	do	it	'	argument	.
whie	i	do	n't	subscribe	to	the	notion	that	the	things	we	watch	or	listen	to	have	no	effect	on	our	behavior	-lrb-	which	i	think	is	patently	rediculous	-rrb-	,	it	does	bother	me	when	people	single	out	a	specific	group	of	people	to	pin	the	blame	on	.
sub-cultures	-lrb-	as	the	lable	implies	-rrb-	do	not	develope	in	a	vacuum	.
again	,	i	think	the	problem	is	people	who	sink	to	far	into	their	own	egos	,	and	begin	to	take	their	personal	metaphors	a	bit	too	literaly	.
these	people	are	dangerous	wether	they	're	head	-	banging	to	'	canibal	corpse	'	or	humming	along	to	'	onward	christian	soldiers	'	.
-lrb-	the	mixing	of	religion	and	militarism	is	a	whole	other	topic	....	-rrb-
i	have	nothing	but	respect	for	people	who	adhear	to	non-violence	,	forgiveness	,	and	charity	,	but	it	's	important	to	remember	that	christians	-lrb-	or	'	smartwolves	'	-rrb-	do	not	have	a	monopoly	on	that	particular	lifestyle	.
peace	.
the	fact	that	the	us	government	and	media	are	having	a	hissy	fit	over	venezuela	wanting	to	buy	guns	,	and	then	200,000	of	the	guns	chavez	wants	to	buy	go	missing	on	their	way	to	iraq	is	definitely	sus	.
i	guess	those	guns	will	be	located	enroute	to	venezuela	or	found	in	storage	there	by	one	of	the	us	's	local	stooges	and	they	then	have	a	pretext	to	ramp	the	spin	up	a	notch	or	two	.
thanks	again	to	my	friend	nick	keck	for	passing	this	along	via	e-mail	.
it	is	the	text	of	a	speech	given	by	an	arab	gentleman	before	the	advisory	board	of	a	large	multi-nation	corporation	.
it	's	a	long	but	very	worthwhile	read	.
"	a	view	from	the	eye	of	the	storm	"
talk	delivered	by	haim	harari	at	a	meeting	of	the	international	advisory	board	of	a	large	multi-national	corporation	,	april	,	2004	:
"	as	you	know	,	i	usually	provide	the	scientific	and	technological	"	entertainment	"	in	our	meetings	,	but	,	on	this	occasion	,	our	chairman	suggested	that	i	present	my	own	personal	view	on	events	in	the	part	of	the	world	from	which	i	come	.
i	have	never	been	and	i	will	never	be	a	government	official	and	i	have	no	privileged	information	.
my	perspective	is	entirely	based	on	what	i	see	,	on	what	i	read	and	on	the	fact	that	my	family	has	lived	in	this	region	for	almost	200	years	.
you	may	regard	my	views	as	those	of	the	proverbial	taxi	driver	,	which	you	are	supposed	to	question	,	when	you	visit	a	country	.
i	could	have	shared	with	you	some	fascinating	facts	and	some	personal	thoughts	about	the	israeli	-	arab	conflict	.
however	,	i	will	touch	upon	it	only	in	passing	.
i	prefer	to	devote	most	of	my	remarks	to	the	broader	picture	of	the	region	and	its	place	in	world	events	.
i	refer	to	the	entire	area	between	pakistan	and	morocco	,	which	is	predominantly	arab	,	predominantly	moslem	,	but	includes	many	non-arab	and	also	significant	non-moslem	minorities	.
why	do	i	put	aside	israel	and	its	own	immediate	neighborhood	?
because	israel	and	any	problems	related	to	it	,	in	spite	of	what	you	might	read	or	hear	in	the	world	media	,	is	not	the	central	issue	,	and	has	never	been	the	central	issue	in	the	upheaval	in	the	region	.
yes	,	there	is	a	100	year	-	old	israeli	-	arab	conflict	,	but	it	is	not	where	the	main	show	is	.
the	millions	who	died	in	the	iran	-	iraq	war	had	nothing	to	do	with	israel	.
the	mass	murder	happening	right	now	in	sudan	,	where	the	arab	moslem	regime	is	massacring	its	black	christian	citizens	,	has	nothing	to	do	with	israel	.
the	frequent	reports	from	algeria	about	the	murders	of	hundreds	of	civilians	in	one	village	or	another	by	other	algerians	have	nothing	to	do	with	israel	.
saddam	hussein	did	not	invade	kuwait	,	endanger	saudi	arabia	and	butcher	his	own	people	because	of	israel	.
egypt	did	not	use	poison	gas	against	yemen	in	the	60's	because	of	israel	.
assad	the	father	did	not	kill	tens	of	thousands	of	his	own	citizens	in	one	week	in	el	hamma	in	syria	because	of	israel	.
the	taliban	control	of	afghanistan	and	the	civil	war	there	had	nothing	to	do	with	israel	.
the	libyan	blowing	up	of	the	pan	-	am	flight	had	nothing	to	do	with	israel	,	and	i	could	go	on	and	on	and	on	.
the	root	of	the	trouble	is	that	this	entire	moslem	region	is	totally	dysfunctional	,	by	any	standard	of	the	word	,	and	would	have	been	so	even	if	israel	had	joined	the	arab	league	and	an	independent	palestine	had	existed	for	100	years	.
the	22	member	countries	of	the	arab	league	,	from	mauritania	to	the	gulf	states	,	have	a	total	population	of	300	millions	,	larger	than	the	us	and	almost	as	large	as	the	eu	before	its	expansion	.
they	have	a	land	area	larger	than	either	the	us	or	all	of	europe	.
these	22	countries	,	with	all	their	oil	and	natural	resources	,	have	a	combined	gdp	smaller	than	that	of	netherlands	plus	belgium	and	equal	to	half	of	the	gdp	of	california	alone	.
within	this	meager	gdp	,	the	gaps	between	rich	and	poor	are	beyond	belief	and	too	many	of	the	rich	made	their	money	not	by	succeeding	in	business	,	but	by	being	corrupt	rulers	.
the	social	status	of	women	is	far	below	what	it	was	in	the	western	world	150	years	ago	.
human	rights	are	below	any	reasonable	standard	,	in	spite	of	the	grotesque	fact	that	libya	was	elected	chair	of	the	un	human	rights	commission	.
according	to	a	report	prepared	by	a	committee	of	arab	intellectuals	and	published	under	the	auspices	of	the	u.n.	,	the	number	of	books	translated	by	the	entire	arab	world	is	much	smaller	than	what	little	greece	alone	translates	.
the	total	number	of	scientific	publications	of	300	million	arabs	is	less	than	that	of	6	million	israelis	.
birth	rates	in	the	region	are	very	high	,	increasing	the	poverty	,	the	social	gaps	and	the	cultural	decline	.
and	all	of	this	is	happening	in	a	region	,	which	only	30	years	ago	,	was	believed	to	be	the	next	wealthy	part	of	the	world	,	and	in	a	moslem	area	,	which	developed	,	at	some	point	in	history	,	one	of	the	most	advanced	cultures	in	the	world	.
it	is	fair	to	say	that	this	creates	an	unprecedented	breeding	ground	for	cruel	dictators	,	terror	networks	,	fanaticism	,	incitement	,	suicide	murders	and	general	decline	.
it	is	also	a	fact	that	almost	everybody	in	the	region	blames	this	situation	on	the	united	states	,	on	israel	,	on	western	civilization	,	on	judaism	and	christianity	,	on	anyone	and	anything	,	except	themselves	.
a	word	about	the	millions	of	decent	,	honest	,	good	people	who	are	either	devout	moslems	or	are	not	very	religious	but	grew	up	in	moslem	families	:	they	are	double	victims	of	an	outside	world	,	which	now	develops	islamophobia	,	and	of	their	own	environment	which	breaks	their	heart	by	being	totally	dysfunctional	.
the	problem	is	that	the	vast	silent	majority	of	these	moslems	are	not	part	of	the	terror	and	the	incitement	,	but	they	also	do	not	stand	up	against	it	.
they	become	accomplices	,	by	omission	,	and	this	applies	to	political	leaders	,	intellectuals	,	business	people	and	many	others	.
many	of	them	can	certainly	tell	right	from	wrong	,	but	are	afraid	to	express	their	views	.
the	events	of	the	last	few	years	have	amplified	four	issues	,	which	have	always	existed	,	but	have	never	been	as	rampant	as	in	the	present	upheaval	in	the	region	.
a	few	more	years	may	pass	before	everybody	acknowledges	that	it	is	a	world	war	,	but	we	are	already	well	into	it	.
these	are	the	four	main	pillars	of	the	current	world	conflict	,	or	perhaps	we	should	already	refer	to	it	as	"	the	undeclared	world	war	iii	"	:
*	1	.	the	first	element	is	the	suicide	murder	.	*
suicide	murders	are	not	a	new	invention	but	they	have	been	made	popular	,	if	i	may	use	this	expression	,	only	lately	.
even	after	september	11	,	it	seems	that	most	of	the	western	world	does	not	yet	understand	this	weapon	.
it	is	a	very	potent	psychological	weapon	.
its	real	direct	impact	is	relatively	minor	.
the	total	number	of	casualties	from	hundreds	of	suicide	murders	within	israel	in	the	last	three	years	is	much	smaller	than	those	due	to	car	accidents	.
september	11	was	quantitatively	much	less	lethal	than	many	earthquakes
more	people	die	from	aids	in	one	day	in	africa	than	all	the	russians	who	died	in	the	hands	of	chechnya	-	based	moslem	suicide	murderers	since	that	conflict	started	.
saddam	killed	every	month	more	people	than	all	those	who	died	from	suicide	murders	since	the	coalition	occupation	of	iraq	.
so	what	is	all	the	fuss	about	suicide	killings	?
it	creates	headlines	.
it	is	spectacular	.
it	is	frightening	.
it	is	a	very	cruel	death	with	bodies	dismembered	and	horrible	severe	lifelong	injuries	to	many	of	the	wounded	.
it	is	always	shown	on	television	in	great	detail	.
one	such	murder	,	with	the	help	of	hysterical	media	coverage	,	can	destroy	the	tourism	industry	of	a	country	for	quite	a	while	,	as	it	did	in	bali	and	in	turkey	.
but	the	real	fear	comes	from	the	undisputed	fact	that	no	defense	and	no	preventive	measures	can	succeed	against	a	determined	suicide	murderer	.
this	has	not	yet	penetrated	the	thinking	of	the	western	world	.
the	u.s.	and	europe	are	constantly	improving	their	defense	against	the	last	murder	,	not	the	next	one	.
we	may	arrange	for	the	best	airport	security	in	the	world	.
but	if	you	want	to	murder	by	suicide	,	you	do	not	have	to	board	a	plane	in	order	to	explode	yourself	and	kill	many	people	.
who	could	stop	a	suicide	murder	in	the	midst	of	the	crowded	line	waiting	to	be	checked	by	the	airport	metal	detector	?
how	about	the	lines	to	the	check	-	in	counters	in	a	busy	travel	period	?
put	a	metal	detector	in	front	of	every	train	station	in	spain	and	the	terrorists	will	get	the	buses	.
protect	the	buses	and	they	will	explode	in	movie	theaters	,	concert	halls	,	supermarkets	,	shopping	malls	,	schools	and	hospitals	.
put	guards	in	front	of	every	concert	hall	and	there	will	always	be	a	line	of	people	to	be	checked	by	the	guards	and	this	line	will	be	the	target	,	not	to	speak	of	killing	the	guards	themselves	.
you	can	somewhat	reduce	your	vulnerability	by	preventive	and	defensive	measures	and	by	strict	border	controls	but	not	eliminate	it	and	definitely	not	win	the	war	in	a	defensive	way	.
and	it	is	a	war	!
what	is	behind	the	suicide	murders	?
money	is	,	money	and	power	and	cold	-	blooded	murderous	incitement	,	nothing	else	.
it	has	nothing	to	do	with	true	fanatic	religious	beliefs	.
no	moslem	preacher	has	ever	blown	himself	up	.
no	son	of	an	arab	politician	or	religious	leader	has	ever	blown	himself	up	.
no	relative	of	anyone	influential	has	done	it	.
would	n't	you	expect	some	of	the	religious	leaders	to	do	it	themselves	,	or	to	talk	their	sons	into	doing	it	,	if	this	is	truly	a	supreme	act	of	religious	fervor	?
are	n't	they	interested	in	the	benefits	of	going	to	heaven	?
instead	,	they	send	outcast	women	,	naive	children	,	retarded	people	and	young	incited	hotheads	.
they	promise	them	the	delights	,	mostly	sexual	,	of	the	next	world	,	and	pay	their	families	handsomely	after	the	supreme	act	is	performed	and	enough	innocent	people	are	dead	.
suicide	murders	also	have	nothing	to	do	with	poverty	and	despair	.
the	poorest	region	in	the	world	,	by	far	,	is	africa	.
it	never	happens	there	.
there	are	numerous	desperate	people	in	the	world	,	in	different	cultures	,	countries	and	continents	.
desperation	does	not	provide	anyone	with	explosives	,	reconnaissance	and	transportation	.
there	was	certainly	more	despair	in	saddam	's	iraq	than	in	paul	bremmer	's	iraq	,	and	no	one	exploded	himself	.
a	suicide	murder	is	simply	a	horrible	,	vicious	weapon	of	cruel	,	inhuman	,	cynical	,	well	-	funded	terrorists	,	with	no	regard	to	human	life	,	including	the	life	of	their	fellow	countrymen	,	but	with	very	high	regard	to	their	own	affluent	well	-	being	and	their	hunger	for	power	.
the	only	way	to	fight	this	new	"	popular	"	weapon	is	identical	to	the	only	way	in	which	you	fight	organized	crime	or	pirates	on	the	high	seas	:	the	offensive	way	.
like	in	the	case	of	organized	crime	,	it	is	crucial	that	the	forces	on	the	offensive	be	united	and	it	is	crucial	to	reach	the	top	of	the	crime	pyramid	.
you	can	not	eliminate	organized	crime	by	arresting	the	little	drug	dealer	on	the	street	corner	.
you	must	go	after	the	head	of	the	"	family	"	.
if	part	of	the	public	supports	it	,	others	tolerate	it	,	many	are	afraid	of	it	and	some	try	to	explain	it	away	by	poverty	or	by	a	miserable	childhood	,	organized	crime	will	thrive	and	so	will	terrorism	.
the	united	states	understands	this	now	,	after	september	11	.
russia	is	beginning	to	understand	it	.
turkey	understands	it	well	.
i	am	very	much	afraid	that	most	of	europe	still	does	not	understand	it	.
unfortunately	,	it	seems	that	europe	will	understand	it	only	after	suicide	murders	arrive	in	europe	in	a	big	way	.
in	my	humble	opinion	,	this	will	definitely	happen	.
the	spanish	trains	and	the	istanbul	bombings	are	only	the	beginning	.
the	unity	of	the	civilized	world	in	fighting	this	horror	is	absolutely	indispensable	.
until	europe	wakes	up	,	this	unity	will	not	be	achieved	.
*	2	.	the	second	ingredient	is	words	,	more	precisely	lies	.	*
words	can	be	lethal	.
they	kill	people	.
it	is	often	said	that	politicians	,	diplomats	and	perhaps	also	lawyers	and	business	people	must	sometimes	lie	,	as	part	of	their	professional	life	.
but	the	norms	of	politics	and	diplomacy	are	childish	,	in	comparison	with	the	level	of	incitement	and	total	absolute	deliberate	fabrications	,	which	have	reached	new	heights	in	the	region	we	are	talking	about	.
an	incredible	number	of	people	in	the	arab	world	believe	that	september	11	never	happened	,	or	was	an	american	provocation	or	,	even	better	,	a	jewish	plot	.
you	all	remember	the	iraqi	minister	of	information	,	mr.	mouhamad	said	al	-	sahaf	and	his	press	conferences	when	the	us	forces	were	already	inside	baghdad	.
disinformation	at	time	of	war	is	an	accepted	tactic	.
but	to	stand	,	day	after	day	,	and	to	make	such	preposterous	statements	,	known	to	everybody	to	be	lies	,	without	even	being	ridiculed	in	your	own	milieu	,	can	only	happen	in	this	region	.
mr.	sahaf	eventually	became	a	popular	icon	as	a	court	jester	,	but	this	did	not	stop	some	allegedly	respectable	newspapers	from	giving	him	equal	time	.
it	also	does	not	prevent	the	western	press	from	giving	credence	,	every	day	,	even	now	,	to	similar	liars	.
after	all	,	if	you	want	to	be	an	anti-semite	,	there	are	subtle	ways	of	doing	it	.
you	do	not	have	to	claim	that	the	holocaust	never	happened	,	and	that	the	jewish	temple	in	jerusalem	never	existed	.
but	millions	of	moslems	are	told	by	their	leaders	that	this	is	the	case	.
when	these	same	leaders	make	other	statements	,	the	western	media	report	them	as	if	they	could	be	true	.
it	is	a	daily	occurrence	that	the	same	people	who	finance	,	arm	and	dispatch	suicide	murderers	,	condemn	the	act	in	english	in	front	of	western	tv	cameras	,	talking	to	a	world	audience	,	which	even	partly	believes	them	.
it	is	a	daily	routine	to	hear	the	same	leader	making	opposite	statements	in	arabic	to	his	people	and	in	english	to	the	rest	of	the	world	.
incitement	by	arab	tv	,	accompanied	by	horror	pictures	of	mutilated	bodies	,	has	become	a	powerful	weapon	of	those	who	lie	,	distort	and	want	to	destroy	everything	.
little	children	are	raised	on	deep	hatred	and	on	admiration	of	so	-	called	martyrs	,	and	the	western	world	does	not	notice	it	because	its	own	tv	sets	are	mostly	tuned	to	soap	operas	and	game	shows	.
i	recommend	to	you	,	even	though	most	of	you	do	not	understand	arabic	,	to	watch	al	jazeera	,	from	time	to	time	.
you	will	not	believe	your	own	eyes	.
but	words	also	work	in	other	ways	,	more	subtle	.
a	demonstration	in	berlin	,	carrying	banners	supporting	saddam	's	regime	and	featuring	three	-	year	old	babies	dressed	as	suicide	murderers	,	is	defined	by	the	press	and	by	political	leaders	as	a	"	peace	demonstration	"	.
you	may	support	or	oppose	the	iraq	war	,	but	to	refer	to	fans	of	saddam	,	arafat	or	bin	laden	as	peace	activists	is	a	bit	too	much	.
a	woman	walks	into	an	israeli	restaurant	in	mid-day	,	eats	,	observes	families	with	old	people	and	children	eating	their	lunch	in	the	adjacent	tables	and	pays	the	bill	.
she	then	blows	herself	up	,	killing	20	people	,	including	many	children	,	with	heads	and	arms	rolling	around	in	the	restaurant	.
she	is	called	"	martyr	"	by	several	arab	leaders	and	"	activist	"	by	the	european	press	.
dignitaries	condemn	the	act	but	visit	her	bereaved	family	and	the	money	flows	.
there	is	a	new	game	in	town	:	the	actual	murderer	is	called	"	the	military	wing	"	,	the	one	who	pays	him	,	equips	him	and	sends	him	is	now	called	"	the	political	wing	"	and	the	head	of	the	operation	is	called	the	"	spiritual	leader	"	.
there	are	numerous	other	examples	of	such	orwellian	nomenclature	,	used	every	day	not	only	by	terror	chiefs	but	also	by	western	media	.
these	words	are	much	more	dangerous	than	many	people	realize	.
they	provide	an	emotional	infrastructure	for	atrocities	.
it	was	joseph	goebbels	who	said	that	if	you	repeat	a	lie	often	enough	,	people	will	believe	it	.
he	is	now	being	outperformed	by	his	successors	.
*	3	.	the	third	aspect	is	money	.	*
huge	amounts	of	money	,	which	could	have	solved	many	social	problems	in	this	dysfunctional	part	of	the	world	,	are	channeled	into	three	concentric	spheres	supporting	death	and	murder	.
in	the	inner	circle	are	the	terrorists	themselves	.
the	money	funds	their	travel	,	explosives	,	hideouts	and	permanent	search	for	soft	vulnerable	targets	.
the	inner	circles	are	primarily	financed	by	terrorist	states	like	iran	and	syria	,	until	recently	also	by	iraq	and	libya	and	earlier	also	by	some	of	the	communist	regimes	.
these	states	,	as	well	as	the	palestinian	authority	,	are	the	safe	havens	of	the	wholesale	murder	vendors	.
they	are	surrounded	by	a	second	wider	circle	of	direct	supporters	,	planners	,	commanders	,	preachers	,	all	of	whom	make	a	living	,	usually	a	very	comfortable	living	,	by	serving	as	terror	infrastructure	.
finally	,	we	find	the	third	circle	of	so	-	called	religious	,	educational	and	welfare	organizations	,	which	actually	do	some	good	,	feed	the	hungry	and	provide	some	schooling	,	but	brainwash	a	new	generation	with	hatred	,	lies	and	ignorance	.
this	circle	operates	mostly	through	mosques	,	madrasas	and	other	religious	establishments	but	also	through	inciting	electronic	and	printed	media	.
it	is	this	circle	that	makes	sure	that	women	remain	inferior	,	that	democracy	is	unthinkable	and	that	exposure	to	the	outside	world	is	minimal	.
it	is	also	that	circle	that	leads	the	way	in	blaming	everybody	outside	the	moslem	world	,	for	the	miseries	of	the	region	.
the	outer	circle	is	largely	financed	by	saudi	arabia	,	but	also	by	donations	from	certain	moslem	communities	in	the	united	states	and	europe	and	,	to	a	smaller	extent	,	by	donations	of	european	governments	to	various	ngo's	and	by	certain	united	nations	organizations	,	whose	goals	may	be	noble	,	but	they	are	infested	and	exploited	by	agents	of	the	outer	circle	.
the	saudi	regime	,	of	course	,	will	be	the	next	victim	of	major	terror	,	when	the	inner	circle	will	explode	into	the	outer	circle	.
the	saudis	are	beginning	to	understand	it	,	but	they	fight	the	inner	circles	,	while	still	financing	the	infrastructure	at	the	outer	circle	.
figuratively	speaking	,	this	outer	circle	is	the	guardian	,	which	makes	sure	that	the	people	look	and	listen	inwards	to	the	inner	circle	of	terror	and	incitement	,	rather	than	to	the	world	outside	.
some	parts	of	this	same	outer	circle	actually	operate	as	a	result	of	fear	from	,	or	blackmail	by	,	the	inner	circles	.
the	horrifying	added	factor	is	the	high	birth	rate	.
half	of	the	population	of	the	arab	world	is	under	the	age	of	20	,	the	most	receptive	age	to	incitement	,	guaranteeing	two	more	generations	of	blind	hatred	.
some	of	the	leaders	of	these	various	circles	live	very	comfortably	on	their	loot	.
you	meet	their	children	in	the	best	private	schools	in	europe	,	not	in	the	training	camps	of	suicide	murderers	.
the	jihad	"	soldiers	"	join	packaged	death	tours	to	iraq	and	other	hotspots	,	while	some	of	their	leaders	ski	in	switzerland	.
mrs.	arafat	,	who	lives	in	paris	with	her	daughter	,	receives	tens	of	thousands	of	dollars	per	month	from	the	allegedly	bankrupt	palestinian	authority	,	while	a	typical	local	ringleader	of	the	al	-	aksa	brigade	,	reporting	to	arafat	,	receives	only	a	cash	payment	of	a	couple	of	hundred	dollars	,	for	performing	murders	at	the	retail	level	.
*	4	.	the	fourth	element	of	the	current	world	conflict	is	the	total	breaking	of	all	laws	.	*
the	civilized	world	believes	in	democracy	,	the	rule	of	law	,	including	international	law	,	human	rights	,	free	speech	and	free	press	,	among	other	liberties	.
there	are	naive	old	-	fashioned	habits	such	as	respecting	religious	sites	and	symbols	,	not	using	ambulances	and	hospitals	for	acts	of	war	,	avoiding	the	mutilation	of	dead	bodies	and	not	using	children	as	human	shields	or	human	bombs	.
never	in	history	,	not	even	in	the	nazi	period	,	was	there	such	total	disregard	of	all	of	the	above	as	we	observe	now	.
every	student	of	political	science	debates	how	you	prevent	an	anti-democratic	force	from	winning	a	democratic	election	and	abolishing	democracy	.
other	aspects	of	a	civilized	society	must	also	have	limitations	.
can	a	policeman	open	fire	on	someone	trying	to	kill	him	?
can	a	government	listen	to	phone	conversations	of	terrorists	and	drug	dealers	?
does	free	speech	protect	you	when	you	shout	"	fire	"	in	a	crowded	theater	?
should	there	be	death	penalty	,	for	deliberate	multiple	murders	?
these	are	the	old	-	fashioned	dilemmas	.
but	now	we	have	an	entire	new	set	.
do	you	raid	a	mosque	,	which	serves	as	a	terrorist	ammunition	storage	?
do	you	return	fire	,	if	you	are	attacked	from	a	hospital	?
do	you	storm	a	church	taken	over	by	terrorists	who	took	the	priests	hostages	?
do	you	search	every	ambulance	after	a	few	suicide	murderers	use	ambulances	to	reach	their	targets	?
do	you	strip	every	woman	because	one	pretended	to	be	pregnant	and	carried	a	suicide	bomb	on	her	belly	?
do	you	shoot	back	at	someone	trying	to	kill	you	,	standing	deliberately	behind	a	group	of	children	?
do	you	raid	terrorist	headquarters	,	hidden	in	a	mental	hospital	?
do	you	shoot	an	arch-murderer	who	deliberately	moves	from	one	location	to	another	,	always	surrounded	by	children	?
all	of	these	happen	daily	in	iraq	and	in	the	palestinian	areas	.
what	do	you	do	?
well	,	you	do	not	want	to	face	the	dilemma	.
but	it	can	not	be	avoided	.
suppose	,	for	the	sake	of	discussion	,	that	someone	would	openly	stay	in	a	well	-	known	address	in	teheran	,	hosted	by	the	iranian	government	and	financed	by	it	,	executing	one	atrocity	after	another	in	spain	or	in	france	,	killing	hundreds	of	innocent	people	,	accepting	responsibility	for	the	crimes	,	promising	in	public	tv	interviews	to	do	more	of	the	same	,	while	the	government	of	iran	issues	public	condemnations	of	his	acts	but	continues	to	host	him	,	invite	him	to	official	functions	and	treat	him	as	a	great	dignitary	.
i	leave	it	to	you	as	homework	to	figure	out	what	spain	or	france	would	have	done	,	in	such	a	situation	.
the	problem	is	that	the	civilized	world	is	still	having	illusions	about	the	rule	of	law	in	a	totally	lawless	environment	.
it	is	trying	to	play	ice	hockey	by	sending	a	ballerina	ice	-	skater	into	the	ring	or	to	knock	out	a	heavyweight	boxer	by	a	chess	player	.
in	the	same	way	that	no	country	has	a	law	against	cannibals	eating	its	prime	minister	,	because	such	an	act	is	unthinkable	,	international	law	does	not	address	killers	shooting	from	hospitals	,	mosques	and	ambulances	,	while	being	protected	by	their	government	or	society	.
international	law	does	not	know	how	to	handle	someone	who	sends	children	to	throw	stones	,	stands	behind	them	and	shoots	with	immunity	and	can	not	be	arrested	because	he	is	sheltered	by	a	government	.
international	law	does	not	know	how	to	deal	with	a	leader	of	murderers	who	is	royally	and	comfortably	hosted	by	a	country	,	which	pretends	to	condemn	his	acts	or	just	claims	to	be	too	weak	to	arrest	him	.
the	amazing	thing	is	that	all	of	these	crooks	demand	protection	under	international	law	,	and	define	all	those	who	attack	them	as	"	war	criminals	,	"	with	some	western	media	repeating	the	allegations	.
the	good	news	is	that	all	of	this	is	temporary	,	because	the	evolution	of	international	law	has	always	adapted	itself	to	reality	.
the	punishment	for	suicide	murder	should	be	death	or	arrest	before	the	murder	,	not	during	and	not	after	.
after	every	world	war	,	the	rules	of	international	law	have	changed	,	and	the	same	will	happen	after	the	present	one	.
but	during	the	twilight	zone	,	a	lot	of	harm	can	be	done	.
the	picture	i	described	here	is	not	pretty	.
what	can	we	do	about	it	?
in	the	short	run	,	only	fight	and	win	.
in	the	long	run	,	only	educate	the	next	generation	and	open	it	to	the	world	.
the	inner	circles	can	and	must	be	destroyed	by	force	.
the	outer	circle	can	not	be	eliminated	by	force	.
here	we	need	financial	starvation	of	the	organizing	elite	,	more	power	to	women	,	more	education	,	counter-propaganda	,	boycott	whenever	feasible	and	access	to	western	media	,	internet	and	the	international	scene	.
above	all	,	we	need	a	total	absolute	unity	and	determination	of	the	civilized	world	against	all	three	circles	of	evil	.
allow	me	,	for	a	moment	,	to	depart	from	my	alleged	role	as	a	taxi	driver	and	return	to	science	.
when	you	have	a	malignant	tumor	,	you	may	remove	the	tumor	itself	surgically	.
you	may	also	starve	it	by	preventing	new	blood	from	reaching	it	from	other	parts	of	the	body	,	thereby	preventing	new	"	supplies	"	from	expanding	the	tumor	.
if	you	want	to	be	sure	,	it	is	best	to	do	both	.
but	before	you	fight	and	win	,	by	force	or	otherwise	,	you	have	to	realize	that	you	are	in	a	war	,	and	this	may	take	europe	a	few	more	years	.
in	order	to	win	,	it	is	necessary	to	first	eliminate	the	terrorist	regimes	,	so	that	no	government	in	the	world	will	serve	as	a	safe	haven	for	these	people	.
i	do	not	want	to	comment	here	on	whether	the	american	-	led	attack	on	iraq	was	justified	from	the	point	of	view	of	weapons	of	mass	destruction	or	any	other	pre-war	argument	,	but	i	can	look	at	the	post-war	map	of	western	asia	.
now	that	afghanistan	,	iraq	and	libya	are	out	,	two	and	a	half	terrorist	states	remain	:	iran	,	syria	and	lebanon	,	the	latter	being	a	syrian	colony	.
perhaps	sudan	should	be	added	to	the	list	.
as	a	result	of	the	conquest	of	afghanistan	and	iraq	,	both	iran	and	syria	are	now	totally	surrounded	by	territories	unfriendly	to	them	.
iran	is	encircled	by	afghanistan	,	by	the	gulf	states	,	iraq	and	the	moslem	republics	of	the	former	soviet	union	.
syria	is	surrounded	by	turkey	,	iraq	,	jordan	and	israel	.
this	is	a	significant	strategic	change	and	it	applies	strong	pressure	on	the	terrorist	countries	.
it	is	not	surprising	that	iran	is	so	active	in	trying	to	incite	a	shiite	uprising	in	iraq	.
i	do	not	know	if	the	american	plan	was	actually	to	encircle	both	iran	and	syria	,	but	that	is	the	resulting	situation	.
in	my	humble	opinion	,	the	number	one	danger	to	the	world	today	is	iran	and	its	regime	.
it	definitely	has	ambitions	to	rule	vast	areas	and	to	expand	in	all	directions	.
it	has	an	ideology	which	claims	supremacy	over	western	culture	.
it	is	ruthless	.
it	has	proven	that	it	can	execute	elaborate	terrorist	acts	without	leaving	too	many	traces	,	using	iranian	embassies	.
it	is	clearly	trying	to	develop	nuclear	weapons	.
its	so	-	called	moderates	and	conservatives	play	their	own	virtuoso	version	of	the	"	good	-	cop	versus	bad	-	cop	"	game	.
iran	sponsors	syrian	terrorism	,	it	is	certainly	behind	much	of	the	action	in	iraq	,	it	is	fully	funding	the	hezbollah	and	,	through	it	,	the	palestinian	hamas	and	islamic	jihad	;	it	performed	acts	of	terror	at	least	in	europe	and	in	south	america	and	probably	also	in	uzbekistan	and	saudi	arabia	and	it	truly	leads	a	multi-national	terror	consortium	,	which	includes	,	as	minor	players	,	syria	,	lebanon	and	certain	shiite	elements	in	iraq	.
nevertheless	,	most	european	countries	still	trade	with	iran	,	try	to	appease	it	and	refuse	to	read	the	clear	signals	.
in	order	to	win	the	war	it	is	also	necessary	to	dry	the	financial	resources	of	the	terror	conglomerate	.
it	is	pointless	to	try	to	understand	the	subtle	differences	between	the	sunni	terror	of	al	qaeda	and	hamas	and	the	shiite	terror	of	hezbollah	,	sadr	and	other	iranian	-	inspired	enterprises	.
when	it	serves	their	business	needs	,	all	of	them	collaborate	beautifully	.
it	is	crucial	to	stop	saudi	and	other	financial	support	of	the	outer	circle	,	which	is	the	fertile	breeding	ground	of	terror	.
it	is	important	to	monitor	all	donations	from	the	western	world	to	islamic	organizations	,	to	monitor	the	finances	of	international	relief	organizations	and	to	react	with	forceful	economic	measures	to	any	small	sign	of	financial	aid	to	any	of	the	three	circles	of	terrorism	.
it	is	also	important	to	act	decisively	against	the	campaign	of	lies	and	fabrications	and	to	monitor	those	western	media	who	collaborate	with	it	out	of	naivety	,	financial	interests	or	ignorance	.
above	all	,	never	surrender	to	terror	.
no	one	will	ever	know	whether	the	recent	elections	in	spain	would	have	yielded	a	different	result	,	if	not	for	the	train	bombings	a	few	days	earlier	.
but	it	really	does	not	matter	.
what	matters	is	that	the	terrorists	believe	that	they	caused	the	result	and	that	they	won	by	driving	spain	out	of	iraq	.
the	spanish	story	will	surely	end	up	being	extremely	costly	to	other	european	countries	,	including	france	,	who	is	now	expelling	inciting	preachers	and	forbidding	veils	and	including	others	who	sent	troops	to	iraq	.
in	the	long	run	,	spain	itself	will	pay	even	more	.
is	the	solution	a	democratic	arab	world	?
if	by	democracy	we	mean	free	elections	but	also	free	press	,	free	speech	,	a	functioning	judicial	system	,	civil	liberties	,	equality	to	women	,	free	international	travel	,	exposure	to	international	media	and	ideas	,	laws	against	racial	incitement	and	against	defamation	,	and	avoidance	of	lawless	behavior	regarding	hospitals	,	places	of	worship	and	children	,	then	yes	,	democracy	is	the	solution	.
if	democracy	is	just	free	elections	,	it	is	likely	that	the	most	fanatic	regime	will	be	elected	,	the	one	whose	incitement	and	fabrications	are	the	most	inflammatory	.
we	have	seen	it	already	in	algeria	and	,	to	a	certain	extent	,	in	turkey	.
it	will	happen	again	,	if	the	ground	is	not	prepared	very	carefully	.
on	the	other	hand	,	a	certain	transition	democracy	,	as	in	jordan	,	may	be	a	better	temporary	solution	,	paving	the	way	for	the	real	thing	,	perhaps	in	the	same	way	that	an	immediate	sudden	democracy	did	not	work	in	russia	and	would	not	have	worked	in	china	.
i	have	no	doubt	that	the	civilized	world	will	prevail	.
but	the	longer	it	takes	us	to	understand	the	new	landscape	of	this	war	,	the	more	costly	and	painful	the	victory	will	be	.
europe	,	more	than	any	other	region	,	is	the	key	.
its	understandable	recoil	from	wars	,	following	the	horrors	of	world	war	ii	,	may	cost	thousands	of	additional	innocent	lives	,	before	the	tide	will	turn	.	"
zawahiri	was	associated	with	a	faction	of	the	egyptian	islamic	jihad	known	as	the	vanguards	of	conquest	.
zawahiri	and	the	vanguards	of	conquest	were	seeking	to	recreate	mohammed	's	taking	of	mecca	by	a	small	band	through	violent	attacks	on	egyptian	leaders	.
by	1998	,	zawahiri	had	determined	that	the	egyptian	islamic	jihad	should	focus	on	its	struggle	against	the	united	states	and	hold	off	on	further	attacks	against	the	egyptian	regime	.
a	key	question	is	how	they	acquired	the	anthrax	strain	first	isolated	by	the	texas	veterinary	medical	diagnostic	lab	in	1980	.
according	to	senior	counter	terrorism	officials	,	both	here	and	abroad	,	among	the	supporters	of	these	militant	islamists	were	people	who	blended	into	society	and	were	available	to	act	when	another	part	of	the	network	requested	it	.
al	qaeda	,	anthrax	and	ayman	:	means	,	motive	,	modus	operandi	and	opportunity
homeland	security
in	early	june	2003	,	a	central	intelligence	agency	-lrb-	"	cia	"	-rrb-	report	publicly	disclosed	that	the	reason	for	mohammed	atta	's	and	zacarias	moussaoui	's	inquiries	into	cropdusters	was	for	the	contemplated	use	in	dispersing	biological	agents	such	as	anthrax	.
an	early	september	2003	newsweek	article	included	a	rumor	by	a	taliban	source	that	at	a	meeting	in	april	2003	bin	laden	was	planning	an	"	unbelievable	"	biological	attack	,	the	plans	for	which	had	suffered	a	setback	upon	the	arrest	of	khalid	shaikh	mohammed	-lrb-	"	ksm	"	-rrb-	.
he	had	been	captured	the	previous	month	in	rawalpindi	,	pakistan	.
in	november	2003	,	a	report	by	a	un	panel	of	experts	concluded	that	al	qaeda	is	determined	to	use	chemical	and	biological	weapons	and	is	restrained	only	by	technical	difficulties	.
in	a	statement	issued	june	16	,	2004	,	the	9/11	commission	staff	concluded	that	"	al	qaeda	had	an	ambitious	biological	weapons	program	and	was	making	advances	in	its	ability	to	produce	anthrax	prior	to	september	11	.
according	to	director	of	central	intelligence	george	tenet	,	al	qaeda	's	ability	to	conduct	an	anthrax	attack	is	one	of	the	most	immediate	threats	the	united	states	is	likely	to	face	.	"
on	august	9	,	2004	,	it	was	announced	that	in	the	spring	of	2001	,	a	man	named	el	-	shukrijumah	,	also	known	as	jafar	the	pilot	,	who	was	part	of	a	"	second	wave	,	"	had	been	casing	new	york	city	helicopters	.
photographs	from	a	seized	computer	disc	included	the	controls	and	the	locks	on	the	door	between	the	passengers	and	pilot	.
in	a	bulletin	,	the	fbi	noted	that	the	surveillance	might	relate	to	a	plot	to	disperse	a	chemical	or	biological	weapon	.
the	cia	reportedly	has	been	quietly	building	a	case	that	the	anthrax	mailings	were	an	international	plot	.
this	is	old	news	.
it	's	just	no	longer	bureaucratically	impolite	to	openly	contest	the	fbi	's	-lrb-	former	-rrb-	theory	about	a	lone	,	american	scientist	.
many	people	have	argued	that	a	us	-	based	al	qaeda	operative	is	behind	the	earlier	fall	2001	anthrax	mailings	in	the	us	,	and	that	the	mailings	served	as	a	threat	and	warning	.
princeton	islamist	scholar	bernard	lewis	has	explained	that	while	islamists	may	disagree	about	whether	killing	innocents	is	sanctioned	by	the	laws	of	jihad	,	extremists	like	zawahiri	agree	that	notice	must	be	given	before	biochemical	weapons	are	used	.
"	the	prophet	's	guidance	,	"	says	michael	scheuer	,	an	al	-	qaeda	analyst	who	recently	retired	from	the	cia	and	once	headed	its	bin	laden	unit	,	"	was	always	,	before	you	attack	someone	,	warn	them	very	clearly	...	"	the	anthrax	mailings	followed	the	pattern	of	letters	they	sent	in	january	1997	to	newspaper	branches	in	washington	,	d.c.	and	new	york	city	,	as	well	as	symbolic	targets	.
the	letter	bombs	were	sent	in	connection	with	the	detention	of	the	blind	sheik	abdel	rahman	and	those	responsible	for	the	earlier	world	trade	center	bombing	in	1993	.
handwritten	notes	and	files	on	a	laptop	seized	upon	the	capture	of	ksm	,	al	qaeda	's	#	3	,	included	a	feasible	anthrax	production	plan	using	a	spray	dryer	and	addressed	the	recruitment	of	necessary	expertise	.
what	your	morning	paper	did	not	tell	you	,	however	,	was	that	the	cia	seized	a	similar	disc	from	ayman	zawahiri	's	right	-	hand	,	ahmed	salama	mabruk	,	5	years	earlier	.
the	computer	disk	was	confiscated	from	him	during	his	arrest	by	the	cia	in	azerbaijan	and	handed	over	to	the	egyptian	authorities	.
mabruk	,	at	the	time	,	was	the	head	of	jihad	's	military	operations	.
there	is	a	risk	that	observers	underestimate	the	time	that	al	qaeda	has	had	to	make	progress	in	such	recruitment	and	research	and	development	.
some	may	still	think	that	even	in	the	final	stages	of	the	9/11	plot	,	zacarias	moussaoui	was	going	to	fly	a	5th	plane	into	the	capitol	or	white	house	.
others	argue	that	he	was	to	be	part	of	a	second	wave	of	airliners	directed	to	targets	on	the	west	coast	.
there	is	an	e-mail	by	moussaoui	,	however	,	dated	july	31	,	2001	indicating	that	he	sought	to	take	a	crop	dusting	course	that	was	to	last	up	to	6	months	.
in	march	2003	,	mohammed	reportedly	said	that	moussaoui	was	not	going	to	be	part	of	9/11	but	was	to	be	part	of	a	"	second	wave	.	"
although	ramzi	binalshibh	provided	him	$	14,000	in	july	,	accused	september	11	conspirator	zacarias	moussaoui	told	his	trial	judge	that	he	had	an	al	qaeda	mission	that	would	have	come	after	the	terrorist	attacks	.
ksm	explained	that	moussaoui	's	inquiries	about	crop	dusters	may	have	been	related	to	the	anthrax	work	being	done	by	us	-	trained	biochemist	and	al	qaeda	operative	,	malaysian	yazid	sufaat	.
zacarias	moussaoui	,	never	the	sharpest	tool	in	the	shed	and	thought	by	his	superiors	to	be	unreliable	,	has	told	the	judge	at	his	trial	in	a	filing	that	he	wants	"	anthrax	for	jew	sympathizer	only	.	"
al	qaeda	's	regional	operative	,	hambali	,	who	was	at	a	key	january	2000	meeting	and	supervised	sufaat	,	has	been	captured	.
hambali	reportedly	is	cooperating	to	some	degree	.
ksm	and	hambali	sent	al	-	hindi	-lrb-	al	-	britani	-rrb-	,	along	with	jafar	the	pilot	,	to	case	nyc	targets	for	a	second	wave	.
it	was	as	part	of	that	surveillance	in	early	2001	that	jafar	the	pilot	studied	tourist	helicopters	in	the	nyc	area	.
sufaat	,	according	to	both	ksm	and	hambali	,	did	not	have	the	virulent	us	army	ames	strain	that	would	be	used	.
that	would	require	someone	who	had	access	to	the	strain	.
but	if	experience	is	any	guide	,	nothing	would	stand	in	the	way	of	dr.	ayman	zawahiri	's	decade	-	long	quest	to	weaponize	and	use	anthrax	against	us	targets	that	was	described	by	one	confidante	to	an	egyptian	newspaper	reporter	.
the	islamist	had	been	released	from	egyptian	prison	and	had	known	zawahiri	well	for	many	years	.
emails	from	zawahiri	to	atef	in	the	spring	of	1999	indicate	that	ayman	was	a	close	student	of	the	usamriid	anthrax	program	.
he	believed	that	the	koran	instructed	that	a	jihadist	should	use	the	weapons	used	by	the	crusader	.
"	what	we	know	is	that	he	's	always	said	it	was	a	religious	obligation	to	have	the	same	weapons	as	their	enemies	,	"	former	cia	obl	unit	counter	terrorism	chief	michael	scheuer	has	said	.
the	wall	street	journal	reported	that	a	computer	used	by	zawahiri	contains	a	june	1999	memo	that	"	said	the	program	should	seek	cover	and	talent	in	educational	institutions	,	which	it	said	were	'	more	beneficial	to	us	and	allow	easy	access	to	specialists	,	which	will	greatly	benefit	us	in	the	first	stage	,	god	willing	.	'	''
zawahiri	was	associated	with	a	faction	of	the	egyptian	islamic	jihad	known	as	the	vanguards	of	conquest	.
zawahiri	and	the	vanguards	of	conquest	were	seeking	to	recreate	mohammed	's	taking	of	mecca	by	a	small	band	through	violent	attacks	on	egyptian	leaders	.
by	1998	,	zawahiri	had	determined	that	the	egyptian	islamic	jihad	should	focus	on	its	struggle	against	the	united	states	and	hold	off	on	further	attacks	against	the	egyptian	regime	.
a	key	question	is	how	they	acquired	the	anthrax	strain	first	isolated	by	the	texas	veterinary	medical	diagnostic	lab	in	1980	.
according	to	senior	counter	terrorism	officials	,	both	here	and	abroad	,	among	the	supporters	of	these	militant	islamists	were	people	who	blended	into	society	and	were	available	to	act	when	another	part	of	the	network	requested	it	.
a	few	days	before	christmas	2003	,	after	a	renewed	audiotape	threat	by	zawahiri	of	attacks	,	to	include	in	the	us	homeland	,	the	threat	level	was	raised	to	orange	or	"	high	.	"
after	the	alert	condition	had	long	since	returned	to	yellow	,	zawahiri	in	late	february	issued	another	audiotape	.
he	urged	the	president	that	brigades	and	brigades	would	be	coming	under	the	banner	of	jihad	carrying	death	and	seeking	paradise	.
zawahiri	said	that	the	us	should	expect	another	9/11	on	us	soil	.
according	to	some	reports	,	zawahiri	is	thought	by	intelligence	to	be	somewhere	near	the	border	of	pakistan	and	afghanistan	.
at	one	time	,	some	thought	he	had	been	spotted	in	iran	.
wherever	he	is	,	authorities	need	to	focus	on	the	traceable	connection	between	him	and	those	he	or	atef	recruited	.
in	october	2001	,	did	the	fbi	profilers	know	of	the	draft	message	khalid	mohammed	had	on	the	seized	laptop	-lrb-	from	1995	-rrb-	that	was	signed	"	khalid	sheik	bojinka	"	?
the	letter	threatened	to	use	biochemical	weapons	if	the	blind	sheik	was	not	released	.
-lrb-	khalid	mohammed	's	involvement	dates	back	to	bojinka	,	as	does	hambali	's	-rrb-	.
use	of	biochemical	weapons	as	blackmail	and	threatened	retaliation	for	such	detentions	was	an	alternative	scenario	in	the	bojinka	planning	.
in	may	2004	,	patrick	hughes	,	lieutenant	general	-lrb-	retired	-rrb-	,	assistant	secretary	for	information	analysis	,	homeland	security	department	testified	before	the	9/11	commission	.
he	explained	that	interrogations	and	other	evidence	revealed	that	al	qaeda	wanted	to	strike	the	us	with	a	nonconventional	weapon	,	most	notably	anthrax	.
the	same	week	,	the	wtc	head	testified	that	while	they	had	not	received	any	briefing	on	the	use	of	planes	,	they	had	taken	steps	to	prepare	for	an	attack	using	anthrax	based	on	intelligence	that	had	been	received	.
al	qaeda	has	had	anthrax	,	the	raw	seed	product	in	its	unweaponized	form	,	since	at	least	1997	,	when	it	was	purchased	by	bin	laden	through	the	moro	islamic	liberation	front	-lrb-	"	moro	front	"	or	"	milf	"	-rrb-	.
zawahiri	,	al	qaeda	's	#	2	,	is	head	of	al	qaeda	's	biochemical	program	.
the	cia	has	known	of	zawahiri	's	plans	to	use	anthrax	for	a	half	decade	.
the	confidante	and	right	-	hand	man	of	dr.	ayman	zawahiri	admitted	that	zawahiri	succeeded	in	obtaining	anthrax	and	intended	to	use	it	against	us	targets	.
another	senior	al	qaeda	member	-lrb-	a	shura	or	policy	-	making	council	member	no	less	-rrb-	was	working	for	the	egyptian	intelligence	services	and	he	confirmed	the	report	in	a	sworn	lengthy	confession	.
even	zawahiri	's	attorney	in	1999	said	that	bin	laden	and	zawahiri	were	likely	to	resort	to	the	biological	and	chemical	agents	they	possessed	given	the	extradition	pressure	senior	al	qaeda	leaders	faced	.
a	recently	released	islamist	who	had	been	a	close	associate	of	zawahiri	said	that	zawahiri	spent	a	decade	and	had	made	15	separate	attempts	to	recruit	the	necessary	expertise	to	weaponize	anthrax	in	russia	and	the	middle	east	.
the	us	army	recipe	was	not	used	,	and	obtaining	the	unprocessed	ames	strain	of	anthrax	used	does	not	warrant	the	weight	given	it	by	some	press	accounts	.
there	was	lax	control	over	the	distribution	of	the	ames	strain	that	was	used	,	especially	in	light	of	the	fact	that	transfers	were	not	even	required	to	be	recorded	prior	to	1997	.
significantly	,	the	individual	who	isolated	it	nearly	a	quarter	century	ago	-lrb-	now	retired	-rrb-	,	upon	being	contacted	,	does	not	even	report	that	he	necessarily	sent	the	only	copy	of	the	strain	to	ft.	detrick	.
senator	patrick	leahy	at	a	congressional	hearing	in	the	spring	of	2002	noted	that	the	fbi	had	collected	the	ames	strain	from	20	sources	.
in	fall	2004	,	msnbc	,	relying	on	an	unnamed	fbi	spokesperson	,	reports	that	the	fbi	has	narrowed	the	pool	of	labs	known	to	have	had	ames	that	was	a	match	from	16	to	4	but	can	not	rule	out	that	it	was	made	overseas	.
al	qaeda	's	anthrax	production	plans	on	khalid	mohammed	's	computer	did	not	evidence	knowledge	of	advanced	techniques	in	the	most	efficient	biological	weapons	.
at	least	according	to	the	public	comments	by	bioweaponeer	experts	william	patrick	and	kenneth	alibek	,	under	the	optimal	method	,	there	is	no	electrostatic	charge	.
in	the	case	of	the	anthrax	used	in	the	mailings	,	there	was	an	electrostatic	charge	.
although	there	was	a	dominance	of	single	spores	and	a	trillion	spore	concentration	,	there	were	clumps	as	large	as	40	-	100	microns	.
-lrb-	spores	must	be	no	bigger	than	5	microns	to	be	inhalable	.	-rrb-
many	point	to	the	trillion	spore	concentration	as	extraordinary	.
it	is	far	simpler	,	however	,	to	achieve	a	trillion	spore	concentration	in	the	production	of	a	few	grams	than	in	industrial	processing	typical	of	a	state	sponsored	lab	.
the	"	trillion	spore	"	issue	was	at	the	heart	of	a	lot	of	mistaken	theories	of	the	matter	concluding	that	state	sponsorship	was	necessarily	indicated	.
the	reported	finding	at	dugway	undermines	the	argument	of	both	the	"	bomb	iraq	"	crowd	and	the	liberals	focused	on	dr.	steve	hatfill	who	object	to	us	biodefense	research	because	they	view	it	as	being	useful	for	offensive	purposes	.
usda	employee	johnelle	bryant	first	told	us	,	in	sensational	detail	,	of	atta	's	inquiries	about	purchasing	and	retrofitting	a	cropduster	.
khalid	mohammed	then	told	interrogators	that	zacarias	moussaoui	's	inquiries	about	crop	dusting	may	have	related	to	yazid	sufaat	's	anthrax	manufacturing	plans	.
although	the	details	of	the	documents	on	mohammed	's	computer	may	-lrb-	or	may	not	-rrb-	point	to	possible	difficulties	in	aerial	dispersal	,	they	are	fully	consistent	with	the	product	used	in	the	anthrax	mailings	.
al	qaeda	had	both	the	means	and	opportunity	.
us	-	trained	malaysian	biochemist	yazid	sufaat	met	with	9/11	plotters	and	two	hijackers	in	january	2000	.
sufaat	was	a	member	of	al	qaeda	and	a	member	of	jemaah	islamiah	-lrb-	"	ji	"	-rrb-	.
ji	has	ties	with	the	moro	front	.
sufaat	used	his	company	called	green	laboratory	medicine	to	buy	items	useful	to	al	qaeda	.
-lrb-	green	symbolizes	"	islam	"	and	prophet	mohammed	's	holy	war	-rrb-	.
zacarias	moussaoui	,	who	had	a	crop	dusting	manual	when	he	was	arrested	,	stayed	at	sufaat	's	condominium	in	2000	when	he	was	trying	to	arrange	for	flight	lessons	in	malaysia	.
yazid	sufaat	provided	moussaoui	with	a	letter	indicating	that	he	was	a	marketing	representative	for	infocus	technologies	and	allegedly	provided	him	$	35,000	.
the	crop	dusters	were	to	be	part	of	a	"	second	wave	.	"
after	9/11	,	yazid	sufaat	traveled	to	afghanistan	and	pakistan	to	work	for	the	taliban	medical	brigade	and	to	continue	his	work	with	anthrax	.
as	described	in	us	news	,	a	former	reporter	from	the	kabul	times	actually	may	have	met	sufaat	,	without	realizing	it	,	while	traveling	near	kabul	in	october	2001	,	perceiving	him	as	filipino	.
the	fellow	was	carrying	papers	from	zawahiri	and	bragging	about	his	ability	to	manipulate	anthrax	.
sufaat	was	arrested	in	december	2001	upon	his	return	to	malaysia	.
newsweek	reported	that	a	"	second	wave	"	involving	biological	attacks	had	been	thwarted	upon	the	arrest	of	al	qaeda	members	who	had	been	intended	to	provide	logistical	support	.
various	doctors	,	both	foreign	and	american	,	are	associated	with	al	qaeda	leaders	or	operatives	,	to	include	the	doctors	abdul	qadoos	khan	,	a	bacteriologist	from	rawalpindi	and	aafia	siddiqui	,	phd	,	from	karachi	.
microbiologist	abdul	qadoos	khan	was	charged	along	with	his	son	,	ahmed	,	for	harboring	the	fugitives	.
as	of	march	28	,	2003	,	he	was	in	a	hospital	for	a	cardiac	problem	and	had	been	granted	"	pre-arrest	bail	.	"
yet	all	you	read	about	at	the	time	was	the	arrest	of	the	son	ahmed	abdul	qadoos	,	who	receives	a	stipend	from	the	un	for	being	officially	low	-	iq	due	to	lead	poisoning	.
it	was	khalid	mohammed	who	told	authorities	about	aafia	siddiqui	,	who	has	a	phd	from	brandeis	in	neurology	.
the	pakistani	press	reported	that	she	was	nabbed	in	karachi	after	being	spotted	at	the	airport	in	late	march	or	early	april	2003	.
if	mistaken	,	how	did	those	reports	first	come	about	?
understandably	,	amerithrax	is	a	confidential	investigation	.
the	pakistan	isi	and	cia	rarely	grant	press	interviews	in	connection	with	an	ongoing	manhunt	.
the	cia	did	not	even	allow	the	fbi	access	to	ksm	for	10	days	after	his	arrest	.
as	agent	van	harp	,	then	head	of	the	amerithrax	investigation	said	,	the	information	coming	from	khalid	mohammed	is	classified	with	the	authorities	releasing	only	certain	limited	information	.
while	it	's	not	easy	to	separate	fact	from	fiction	,	attorney	general	ashcroft	and	director	mueller	have	publicly	confirmed	aafia	is	still	being	sought	.
they	would	know	.
her	mother	ismat	last	saw	aafia	and	her	grandchildren	before	they	left	in	a	minicab	at	the	end	of	march	.
aafia	was	on	her	way	with	her	children	to	visit	and	uncle	and	a	friend	in	islamabad	.
according	to	the	pakistan	reports	,	aafia	siddiqui	was	detained	after	being	spotted	at	karachi	international	airport	-lrb-	after	she	was	followed	to	a	relative	's	house	-rrb-	.
-lrb-	karachi	is	in	the	south	-rrb-	.
the	reports	say	she	is	suspected	of	having	been	a	member	of	al	qaeda	's	"	chemical	wire	group	.	"
the	family	's	lawyer	advises	me	that	aafia	did	not	have	enough	money	to	pay	for	airfare	tickets	for	herself	and	the	kids	and	called	ismat	from	the	train	station	.
that	was	the	last	ismat	heard	from	her	.
aafia	never	reached	the	uncle	's	house	.
perhaps	something	got	lost	in	the	translation	,	but	the	phrase	"	chemical	wire	group	"	has	appeared	in	all	the	english	pakistan	and	india	papers	.
the	family	's	attorney	advises	me	that	aafia	had	no	knowledge	of	chemicals	-lrb-	and	that	would	not	appear	to	be	her	training	-rrb-	.
there	still	is	a	very	hot	pursuit	of	the	"	atta	-	level	"	floridian	,	adnan	el	shukrijumah	,	who	siddiqui	is	thought	to	have	known	and	been	assisting	.
his	nickname	is	"	jafar	the	pilot	.	"
a	senior	doj	official	reports	that	adnan	has	experience	as	a	commercial	pilot	.
he	is	said	by	one	fbi	agent	to	be	"	very	,	very	,	very	"	dangerous	.
he	allegedly	was	at	one	or	more	meetings	in	the	summer	of	2001	in	pakistan	at	which	ksm	and	sufaat	were	present	.
he	may	have	been	seen	in	hamilton	,	canada	--	along	with	egyptian	al	-	maati	,	who	apparently	also	has	received	pilot	training	.
the	united	states	truly	no	longer	has	time	for	faulty	analysis	or	politically	-	based	preconceptions	.
in	early	june	2003	,	a	cia	report	concluded	that	the	reason	for	atta	's	and	zacarias	moussaoui	's	inquiries	into	cropdusters	was	in	fact	for	the	contemplated	use	in	dispersing	biological	agents	such	as	anthrax	.
it	has	long	been	known	osama	bin	laden	was	interested	in	using	cropdusters	to	disperse	biological	agents	-lrb-	since	the	testimony	of	millennium	bomber	ahmed	ressam	-rrb-	.
the	hijacker	ahmed	alhaznawi	appears	to	have	contracted	cutaneous	anthrax	in	afghanistan	.
it	is	reasonable	to	credit	his	statement	that	he	got	the	lesion	after	bumping	into	a	suitcase	he	was	carrying	at	a	camp	in	afghanistan	.
the	lesion	is	further	evidence	of	al	qaeda	's	anthrax	production	program	at	kandahar	.
the	present	evidence	relating	to	atta	's	alleged	travel	to	prague	does	not	warrant	a	conclusion	that	al	qaeda	obtained	the	ames	strain	from	iraq	.
iraq	,	however	,	remains	a	possible	source	of	the	ames	.
former	russian	bioweaponeer	ken	alibek	has	said	that	a	key	russian	scientist	assisted	iraq	and	that	russia	had	the	ames	strain	.
-lrb-	his	conclusion	may	have	been	based	on	the	fake	mobile	biolab	plans	foisted	upon	the	us	by	the	chalabi	associate	"	curveball	"	,	which	alibek	divined	to	be	identical	to	russian	mobile	lab	design	-rrb-	.
zawahiri	did	travel	to	baghdad	in	1998	with	an	entourage	to	attend	the	birthday	party	of	saddam	's	son	.
the	papers	found	at	headquarters	of	the	mukhabarat	,	iraq	's	secret	police	,	show	that	an	entourage	from	al	qaeda	group	was	sent	to	the	iraqi	capital	in	march	1998	from	sudan	.
according	to	at	least	some	reports	,	bin	laden	rejected	the	suggestion	of	a	closer	alliance	--	preferring	to	pursue	his	own	concept	of	jihad	.
two	top	iraqi	scientists	,	code	named	charlie	and	alpha	,	are	helping	the	coalition	to	learn	more	about	iraqi	's	anthrax	program	,	according	to	dr.	david	kay	,	head	of	the	iraq	survey	group	in	charge	of	the	hunt	for	wmd	.
he	has	said	that	the	iraqis	made	surprising	innovations	in	the	milling	and	drying	processes	needed	to	weaponize	anthrax	.
the	media	coverage	has	been	seriously	confused	on	the	issue	of	motive	and	the	reason	senators	daschle	and	leahy	would	have	been	targeted	--	tending	to	simplistically	view	them	as	"	liberals	.	"
zawahiri	likely	targeted	senators	daschle	and	leahy	to	receive	anthrax	letters	,	in	addition	to	various	media	outlets	,	because	of	the	appropriations	made	pursuant	to	the	"	leahy	law	"	to	military	and	security	forces	.
that	money	has	prevented	the	militant	islamists	from	achieving	their	goals	.
al	qaeda	members	and	sympathizers	feel	that	the	fbi	's	involvement	in	countries	like	egypt	,	saudi	arabia	,	pakistan	,	indonesia	,	and	the	philippines	interferes	with	the	sovereignty	of	those	countries	.
according	to	a	post	she	made	on	the	internet	,	aafia	siddiqui	expressed	the	same	sentiment	in	connection	with	us	appropriations	sought	in	exchange	for	the	extradition	of	wtc	1993	plotter	ramzi	yousef	from	pakistan	.
senator	leahy	was	chairman	of	both	the	judiciary	committee	overseeing	the	fbi	and	appropriations	subcommittee	in	charge	of	foreign	aid	to	these	countries	.
in	late	september	2001	,	it	was	announced	that	the	president	was	seeking	a	blanket	waiver	that	would	lift	all	restrictions	on	aid	to	military	and	security	units	in	connection	with	pursuing	the	militant	islamists	.
this	extradition	and	imprisonment	of	al	qaeda	leaders	,	along	with	us	support	for	israel	and	the	mubarak	government	in	egypt	,	remains	foremost	in	the	mind	of	dr.	zawahiri	.
at	the	height	of	the	development	of	his	biological	weapons	program	,	his	brother	was	extradited	pursuant	to	a	death	sentence	in	the	"	albanian	returnees	"	case	-lrb-	now	he	faces	retrial	-rrb-	.
it	's	hard	to	keep	up	with	the	stories	about	billion	dollar	appropriations	,	debt	forgiveness	,	and	loan	guarantees	to	countries	like	egypt	and	israel	and	now	even	pakistan	.
those	appropriations	pale	in	comparison	to	the	many	tens	of	billions	in	appropriations	relating	to	the	invasion	of	iraq	.
al	qaeda	had	a	motive	in	mind	.
in	his	fall	2001	book	titled	knights	under	the	banner	of	the	prophet	,	zawahiri	argued	that	the	secular	press	was	telling	"	lies	"	about	the	militant	islamists	--	to	include	the	suggestion	that	the	militant	islamists	were	somehow	the	creation	of	the	united	states	in	connection	with	expelling	the	russians	from	afghanistan	.
zawahiri	argued	instead	that	they	have	been	active	since	the	assassination	of	anwar	sadat	in	egypt	because	of	the	camp	david	accord	and	the	resulting	peace	treaty	between	egypt	and	israel	.
the	anthrax	letters	were	sent	on	the	date	of	the	camp	david	accord	and	then	the	date	anwar	sadat	was	assassinated	as	if	to	underscore	the	point	to	anyone	paying	attention	.
most	of	the	"	talking	heads	"	on	television	,	however	,	knew	only	that	daschle	and	leahy	were	liberal	democrats	and	did	not	know	anything	of	al	qaeda	beyond	what	they	read	in	the	us	newspapers	.
the	fbi	's	profile	includes	a	us	-	based	supporter	of	the	militant	islamists	.
attorney	general	ashcroft	explained	that	an	"	either	-	or	"	approach	is	not	useful	.
the	media	has	tended	to	overlook	the	fact	that	when	the	fbi	uses	the	word	"	domestic	"	the	word	includes	a	us	-	based	,	highly	-	educated	supporter	of	the	militant	islamists	.
there	is	an	emerging	consensus	that	anthrax	was	contained	in	a	letter	to	ami	,	the	publisher	of	the	national	enquirer	--	in	a	goofy	love	letter	to	jennifer	lopez	enclosing	a	star	of	david	and	proposing	marriage	.
a	report	by	the	center	for	disease	control	of	interviews	with	ami	employees	-lrb-	as	well	as	detailed	interviews	by	author	leonard	cole	-rrb-	supports	the	conclusion	that	there	were	not	one	,	but	two	,	such	mailings	containing	anthrax	.
-lrb-	the	letters	were	to	different	ami	publications	--	one	to	the	national	enquirer	and	another	to	the	sun	-rrb-	.
-lrb-	news	assistant	bobby	bender	recalls	the	letter	containing	the	items	to	have	been	addressed	to	the	sun	.	-rrb-
this	tactic	of	letters	is	not	merely	the	modus	operandi	of	these	militant	islamists	inspired	by	zawahiri	,	it	is	their	signature	.
the	islamists	sent	letter	bombs	in	january	1997	to	newspaper	offices	in	new	york	city	and	washington	,	d.c.	.
they	were	sent	in	connection	with	the	earlier	bombing	of	the	world	trade	center	and	the	imprisonment	of	the	blind	sheik	,	sheik	abdel	rahman	.
the	former	leader	of	the	egyptian	al	-	gamaa	al	-	islamiya	-lrb-	"	islamic	group	"	-rrb-	,	he	was	also	a	spiritual	leader	of	al	qaeda	.
the	letter	bombs	were	sent	in	connection	with	the	treatment	of	the	egyptian	islamists	imprisoned	for	the	earlier	attack	on	the	wtc	and	a	related	plot	.
the	purpose	of	the	letter	bombs	--	which	resulted	in	minimal	casualty	--	was	to	send	a	message	.
-lrb-	there	initially	was	an	outstanding	$	2	million	reward	--	under	the	rewards	for	justice	program	,	the	reward	now	is	up	to	$	5	million	.	-rrb-	.
there	was	no	claim	of	responsibility	.
there	was	no	explanation	.
once	one	had	been	received	,	the	next	ten	,	mailed	on	two	separate	dates	,	were	easily	collected	.
sound	familiar	?
two	bombs	were	also	sent	to	leavenworth	,	where	a	key	wtc	1993	defendant	was	imprisoned	,	addressed	to	"	parole	officer	.	"
-lrb-	the	position	does	not	exist	-rrb-	.
abdel	rahman	's	son	was	captured	in	quetta	,	pakistan	in	mid-february	2003	.
that	arrest	in	turn	led	to	the	dramatic	capture	of	khalid	mohammed	,	al	qaeda	's	#	3	.
mohammed	allegedly	was	hiding	in	the	home	of	the	pakistani	bacteriologist	dr.	abdul	qadoos	khan	.
along	with	zawahiri	,	abdel	rahman	and	his	two	sons	have	had	considerable	influence	over	bin	laden	.
he	reportedly	treated	them	like	sons	.
although	while	in	jail	in	the	early	1980s	,	zawahiri	caused	considerable	tension	by	challenging	the	blind	sheik	's	ability	to	lead	a	coalition	of	the	egyptian	islamic	jihad	and	the	egyptian	islamic	group	,	zawahiri	and	obl	are	rahman	's	friends	.
the	imprisoned	wtc	1993	plotter	yousef	was	ksm	's	nephew	.
thus	,	the	leaders	in	charge	of	al	qaeda	's	anthrax	production	program	had	a	close	connection	to	those	imprisoned	in	connection	with	the	earlier	bombing	of	the	world	trade	center	.
according	to	the	controversial	"	feith	memo	,	"	which	summarized	purported	intelligence	showing	an	iraqi	/	al	qaeda	connection	,	osama	bin	laden	had	asked	iraqi	intelligence	for	technical	assistance	in	sending	letter	bombs	a	half	year	before	the	al	hayat	letters	were	sent	.
just	because	al	qaeda	likes	its	truck	bombs	and	the	like	to	be	effective	does	not	mean	they	do	not	see	the	value	in	a	deadly	missive	.
as	brian	jenkins	once	said	,	"	terrorism	is	theater	.	"
a	sender	purporting	to	be	islamist	sent	cyanide	in	both	early	2002	and	early	2003	in	new	zealand	and	ingredients	of	nerve	gas	in	belgium	in	2003	.
there	's	even	a	chapter	titled	"	poisonous	letter	"	in	the	al	qaeda	manual	.
the	"	federal	eagle	"	stamp	used	in	the	anthrax	mailings	was	a	blue	-	green	.
it	was	widely	published	among	the	militant	islamists	that	martyrs	go	to	paradise	"	in	the	hearts	of	green	birds	.	"
in	the	very	interview	in	which	they	admitted	9/11	,	and	described	the	codes	used	for	the	four	targets	for	the	planes	,	the	masterminds	admitted	to	the	jenny	code	,	the	code	for	representing	the	date	9/11	,	and	used	the	symbolism	of	the	"	green	birds	.	"
osama	bin	laden	later	invoked	the	symbolism	in	his	video	"	the	19	martyrs	.	"
a	faq	on	the	azzam	publications	website	explained	that	"	in	the	hearts	of	green	birds	"	refers	to	what	is	inside	.
the	mailer	's	use	of	"	greendale	school	"	as	the	return	address	for	the	letters	to	the	senators	is	also	revealing	.
a	may	2001	letter	that	zawahiri	sent	to	egyptian	islamic	jihad	members	abroad	establish	that	zawahiri	used	"	school	"	as	a	code	word	for	the	egyptian	militant	islamists	in	his	correspondence	.
green	symbolizes	islam	and	was	the	prophet	mohammed	's	color	.
by	greendale	school	,	the	anthrax	perp	was	being	cute	,	just	as	yazid	sufaat	was	being	cute	in	naming	his	lab	green	laboratory	medicine	.
"	dale	"	means	"	river	valley	.	"
greendale	likely	refers	to	green	river	valley	--	i.e.	,	cairo	's	egyptian	islamic	jihad	or	the	islamic	group	.
the	sender	probably	is	announcing	that	he	is	of	either	egyptian	islamic	jihad	,	egyptian	islamic	group	or	jihad	-	al	qaeda	,	which	is	actually	the	full	name	of	the	group	after	the	merger	of	the	egyptian	islamic	jihad	and	al	qaeda	.
at	the	darunta	complex	where	jihadis	trained	,	recruits	would	wear	green	uniforms	,	except	for	friday	when	they	were	washed	.
in	a	hadith	the	messenger	of	allah	explains	that	the	souls	of	the	martyrs	are	in	the	hearts	of	green	birds	that	fly	wherever	they	please	in	the	paradise	.
as	to	opportunity	,	though	seldom	reported	,	there	is	a	wealth	of	"	open	source	"	information	about	possible	al	qaeda	or	egyptian	islamic	jihad	or	egyptian	islamic	group	in	the	united	states	and	canada	.
the	public	information	mostly	relates	to	those	suspected	sleepers	who	have	been	detained	or	who	are	at	large	and	are	being	sought	.
zawahiri	's	mission	in	the	united	states	in	1995	was	to	do	spadework	for	terrorism	,	not	fundraising	for	charitable	causes	.
he	traveled	under	an	alias	and	was	accompanied	by	a	former	us	army	sergeant	named	ali	mohammed	.
what	mosques	exactly	did	they	visit	and	who	did	they	meet	?
whatever	your	political	persuasion	,	the	fbi	and	cia	deserve	our	support	.
we	are	,	after	all	,	in	this	together	.
first	,	the	nature	of	such	an	investigation	is	that	we	lack	sufficient	information	to	second	-	guess	-lrb-	or	even	know	-rrb-	what	the	fbi	is	doing	.
media	reports	are	a	poor	approximation	of	reality	because	of	the	lack	of	good	sources	.
second	,	hindsight	is	20	/	20	.
third	,	with	the	"	new	age	"	efrem	zimbalist	,	jr.	in	charge	of	the	investigation	,	it	is	not	likely	we	could	do	better	in	striking	the	appropriate	balance	between	due	process	and	national	security	.
finally	,	the	"	hatfill	theory	"	seems	to	have	been	exhausted	or	at	least	lost	public	favor	.
the	"	hatfill	theory	"	accusing	dr.	stephen	hatfill	was	always	highly	dubious	.
the	suspicion	was	founded	on	many	false	premises	,	and	there	was	no	reliable	publicly	known	evidence	indicating	his	guilt	.
the	fbi	's	fixation	on	hatfill	-lrb-	at	least	as	rumored	by	some	reporters	-rrb-	may	have	stemmed	from	a	warning	by	one	senator	that	careers	hung	in	the	balance	.
leahy	's	chief	of	staff	apparently	started	with	the	strong	predisposition	that	some	right	-	winger	was	involved	because	two	liberal	democrats	had	been	targeted	.
the	hatfill	theory	--	to	include	ongoing	interviews	and	ongoing	7	/	24	surveillance	by	8	surveillance	specialists	--	is	now	the	subject	of	pending	civil	rights	and	libel	claims	of	uncertain	merit	.
a	suit	against	the	new	york	times	and	columnist	nicholas	kristof	was	dismissed	in	late	november	2004	.
the	judge	had	agreed	to	delay	the	civil	rights	matter	from	proceeding	until	at	least	october	2004	.
the	judge	,	frustrated	by	the	apparent	lack	of	progress	,	encouraged	that	the	parties	reach	a	negotiated	compromise	that	would	permit	some	limited	discovery	to	proceed	-lrb-	and	the	judge	has	directed	that	the	government	to	file	an	answer	to	the	complaint	-rrb-	.
the	hatfill	theory	ironically	might	best	be	understood	as	an	al	qaeda	theory	,	with	a	coincidental	malaysian	connection	adding	to	the	other	circumstances	.
given	the	regrettable	leaks	that	he	was	under	suspicion	,	it	is	only	fair	that	the	fbi	leak	with	equal	enthusiasm	the	fact	that	dr.	hatfill	has	now	been	dropped	as	a	suspect	if	and	when	that	proves	to	be	the	case	.
a	search	of	dr.	ken	berry	's	residences	likely	will	prove	just	about	the	last	gasp	of	a	biodefense	insider	theory	.
senior	officials	have	been	quoted	in	the	press	as	saying	that	the	searches	were	for	the	purpose	of	excluding	him	as	much	as	including	him	.
maureen	,
andre	is	going	to	look	over	the	list	of	curves	needed	for	the	global	assets	-lrb-	august	board	meeting	-rrb-	one	more	time	before	i	forward	it	to	you	.
he	will	make	sure	that	we	do	not	request	fx	and	inflation	-lrb-	cpi	,	ppi	,	etc.	-rrb-	curves	when	only	one	of	the	curves	will	actually	be	used	in	the	valuation	process	and	to	determine	which	inflation	index	is	needed	.
typically	,	we	receive	both	fx	and	inflation	from	you	,	but	both	curves	may	not	always	be	used	.
i	hope	that	we	can	give	you	some	time	savings	by	eliminating	any	nonessential	requests	.
for	now	,	this	is	the	list	of	countries	for	which	we	will	probably	need	the	fx	and	/	or	inflation	curves	.
i	will	send	the	specifics	per	andre	later	today	.
india
philippines
bolivia
jamaica
guatemala
venezuela
columbia
puerto	rico	cpi	only	-lrb-	i	need	historical	inflation	data	,	as	well	-rrb-
panama
brazil	we	have	current	data	already
china	we	have	current	data	already
euro	inflation	only
i	am	not	certain	about	the	needs	for	the	london	underwriting	/	iv	group	but	will	request	the	information	from	them	if	you	have	not	done	so	already	.
thanks	!
cindy
david	and	cindy	,
please	send	us	the	list	of	the	curves	that	you	will	need	to	revalue	our	international	assets	for	the	august	board	meeting	.
thanks	,
maureen
philip	,
i	have	to	decline	the	invitation	with	regrets	.
i	have	too	many	commitments	right	now	.
vince	kaminski
dear	vince
just	a	quick	message	to	follow	up	on	the	email	that	i	sent	you	recently	inviting	you	to	speak	at	our	forthcoming	congress	,	risk	2001	australia	,	which	is	taking	place	in	sydney	on	20	&	21	august	2001	.
have	you	had	an	opportunity	to	consider	the	invitation	yet	?
we	are	aiming	to	have	the	programme	printed	next	week	,	so	i	would	really	need	to	know	as	soon	as	possible	if	you	would	be	available	to	speak	at	this	year	's	congress	.
i	am	working	from	our	hong	kong	office	for	this	week	only	-lrb-	tel	:	+852	2545	2710	-rrb-	,	and	i	can	be	contacted	by	phone	there	or	by	email	.
kind	regards	.
philip
philip	annesley	conference	producer	risk	waters	group	+44	20	7484	9866	+44	20	7484	9800	www.risk-conferences.com/risk2001aus
beth	has	made	our	reservations	for	the	round	table	friday	night	-lrb-	5/18	-rrb-	at	sullivan	's	steak	house	for	6:30	.
see	you	all	there	-	this	is	ling	overdue
paula
paula	,
thanks	a	lot	.
will	you	drive	on	that	day	?
vince
beth	has	made	our	reservations	for	the	round	table	friday	night	-lrb-	5/18	-rrb-	at	sullivan	's	steak	house	for	6:30	.
see	you	all	there	-	this	is	ling	overdue
paula
fyi
vince
anne	,	mike	will	call	you	regarding	sarah	.
vince	,
as	i	mentioned	in	my	voice	mail	,	mike	roberts	going	to	hire	sara	woody	,	a	recent	mba	grad	from	rice	,	into	his	group	.
however	,	when	we	were	talking	about	this	position	,	mike	compared	sara	to	elena	.
elena	's	title	is	admin	coordinator	,	and	i	know	that	sara	should	not	have	this	title	,	and	honestly	do	not	think	that	elena	should	also	.
admin	coordinator's	do	primarily	administrative	work	.
i	suggest	that	you	compare	elena	and	sarah	's	duties	/	level	to	other	sr.	spec.	in	your	group	such	as	kenneth	parkhill	and	sevil	to	determine	if	they	are	equivalent	,	or	if	their	scope	of	responsibilities	and	experience	is	not	as	broad	.
if	the	latter	is	the	case	,	we	could	place	both	sara	and	elena	in	a	specialist	job	group	-lrb-	the	salary	range	is	33	-	66	k	-rrb-	.
please	advise	.
thanks	,
anne
clayton	,
thanks	a	lot	.
i	appreciate	all	your	help	.
vince
vince	-
good	news	.
martin	's	box	is	working	wonderfully	-	i	'll	have	everything	transferred	to	it	and	give	him	the	keys	by	friday	.
this	was	-lrb-	another	-rrb-	nice	deal	for	enron	.
we	save	$	21,000	in	real	money	this	way	,	the	cash	refund	sun	is	giving	enron	for	our	other	server	,	using	a	box	that	was	n't	being	used	by	anyone	.
i	'm	happy	about	this	.
clayton
iris	,
congratulations	.
anne	,	please	,	include	this	info	in	iris	'	file
vince
michael	:
thanks	for	putting	the	paperwork	together	.
i	would	have	interest	in	meeting	if	you	can	present	unique	investment	opportunities	that	i	do	n't	have	access	to	now	.
most	of	my	contact	with	financial	advisors	in	the	past	has	consisted	of	them	suggesting	a	mutual	fund	,	telling	me	to	invest	in	home	depot	,	sun	,	and	coke	,	or	trying	to	pass	off	their	banks	'	biased	research	reports	as	something	valuable	.
the	above	services	provide	no	value	to	me	personally	.
if	you	can	present	opportunities	such	as	access	to	private	equity	or	hedge	funds	,	or	other	ideas	with	strong	growth	potential	and	low	correlation	to	the	s@p	,	i	'd	listen	.
john
john	-
we	'll	get	the	paperwork	together	and	sent	to	you	for	naked	options	.
at	some	point	,	i	'd	like	to	talk	about	the	diversification	strategy	in	more	detail	--	perhaps	over	dinner	or	a	quick	meeting	after	the	markets	close	?
michael	gapinski	account	vice	president	emery	financial	group	painewebber	,	inc.	713-654-0365	800-553-3119	x365	fax	:	713-654-1281	cell	:	281-435-0295
michael	:
appreciate	the	idea	.
however	,	with	my	natural	long	,	i	'm	not	looking	to	really	trade	around	the	position	.
i	believe	ene	will	continue	to	be	range	bound	,	but	in	case	it	is	not	,	i	do	n't	want	to	forgo	50	%	of	my	option	premium	.
i	have	price	targets	of	where	i	would	like	to	lighten	up	exposure	to	ene	and	will	use	calls	to	implement	the	stategy	.
to	that	regards	,	i	noticed	i	was	not	approved	to	sell	naked	calls	.
i	would	like	that	ability	in	order	to	hedge	some	exposure	i	have	of	unexercised	vested	options	.
please	look	into	that	for	me	.
john	.
john	-
i	was	looking	at	the	recent	pullback	in	ene	and	thinking	it	might	be	an	opportunity	to	buy	back	the	calls	you	sold	.
of	course	,	you	would	then	be	in	a	position	to	sell	calls	again	if	the	stock	makes	a	bounce	.
i	'm	not	sure	that	ene	@	75	is	the	place	,	but	maybe	@	73	.
call	me	if	you	're	interested	.
michael	gapinski	account	vice	president	emery	financial	group	painewebber	,	inc.	713-654-0365	800-553-3119	x365	fax	:	713-654-1281	cell	:	281-435-0295
notice	regarding	entry	of	orders	and	instructions	:	please	do	not	transmit	orders	and	/	or	instructions	regarding	your	painewebber	account	-lrb-	s	-rrb-	by	e-mail	.
orders	and	/	or	instructions	transmitted	by	e-mail	will	not	be	accepted	by	painewebber	and	painewebber	will	not	be	responsible	for	carrying	out	such	orders	and	/	or	instructions	.
notice	regarding	privacy	and	confidentiality	:	painewebber	reserves	the	right	to	monitor	and	review	the	content	of	all	e-mail	communications	sent	and	/	or	received	by	its	employees	.
notice	regarding	entry	of	orders	and	instructions	:	please	do	not	transmit	orders	and	/	or	instructions	regarding	your	painewebber	account	-lrb-	s	-rrb-	by	e-mail	.
orders	and	/	or	instructions	transmitted	by	e-mail	will	not	be	accepted	by	painewebber	and	painewebber	will	not	be	responsible	for	carrying	out	such	orders	and	/	or	instructions	.
notice	regarding	privacy	and	confidentiality	:	painewebber	reserves	the	right	to	monitor	and	review	the	content	of	all	e-mail	communications	sent	and	/	or	received	by	its	employees	.
notice	regarding	entry	of	orders	and	instructions	:	please	do	not	transmit	orders	and	/	or	instructions	regarding	your	painewebber	account	-lrb-	s	-rrb-	by	e-mail	.
orders	and	/	or	instructions	transmitted	by	e-mail	will	not	be	accepted	by	painewebber	and	painewebber	will	not	be	responsible	for	carrying	out	such	orders	and	/	or	instructions	.
notice	regarding	privacy	and	confidentiality	:	painewebber	reserves	the	right	to	monitor	and	review	the	content	of	all	e-mail	communications	sent	and	/	or	received	by	its	employees	.
who	cares	??????
please	note	that	effective	immediately	my	email	address	has	changed	to	sean.cooper@elpaso.com
he	just	rescheduled	to	wednesday	.
how	about	dinner	on	wednesday	after	that	?
your	buddy	beau	invited	me	.
how	about	prior	to	that	or	after	that	on	tuesday	.
not	really	...
already	have	plans	on	thursday	.
are	you	going	to	the	nymex	candidate	cocktail	hour	tuesday	?
oh	god	is	there	an	agenda	.
would	dinner	thursday	work	instead	.
not	really	...
already	have	plans	on	thursday	.
are	you	going	to	the	nymex	candidate	cocktail	hour	tuesday	?
oh	god	is	there	an	agenda	.
wednesday	does	n't	work	for	me	.
how	about	tuesday's	at	3:30	houston	time	.
i	completely	agree	.
i	would	like	to	have	a	meeting	once	a	week	for	1	-	2	hours	with	all	6	of	us	just	to	make	sure	we	are	moving	forward	and	to	get	an	update	and	anything	and	everything	.
my	only	concern	is	that	we	take	the	boys	away	from	their	overwhelming	task	.
what	do	you	guys	think	.
john
ok	.
i	will	have	to	move	my	weekly	meeting	to	tuesday	.
monday's	starting	next	week	at	4	???????????????
wednesday	does	n't	work	for	me	.
how	about	tuesday's	at	3:30	houston	time	.
i	completely	agree	.
i	would	like	to	have	a	meeting	once	a	week	for	1	-	2	hours	with	all	6	of	us	just	to	make	sure	we	are	moving	forward	and	to	get	an	update	and	anything	and	everything	.
my	only	concern	is	that	we	take	the	boys	away	from	their	overwhelming	task	.
what	do	you	guys	think	.
john
not	yet	.
did	you	happen	to	sign	your	employment	agreement	?
please	respond	to	request	below	.
thanks	.
john	lavorato	has	requested	the	attached	report	.
he	is	concerned	about	the	allocation	amongst	categories	-	in	particular	,	real	time	traders	.
if	you	would	,	please	review	the	entire	list	and	let	me	know	if	you	are	in	agreement	with	the	presentation	by	tomorrow	evening	,	if	possible	.
i	'm	at	x	if	you	have	any	questions	.
thanks	!
i	understand	all	of	those	comparisons	,	however	,	the	reality	is	if	we	lose	dean	-lrb-	which	we	will	if	we	do	n't	pay	65	k	+	10	k	-rrb-	,	we	will	end	up	hiring	a	replacement	at	75	-	80	k	.
this	is	pretty	easy	math	for	me	.
i	know	it	seems	like	a	stretch	,	but	the	market	for	hourly	traders	is	very	strong	right	now	.
i	would	like	to	get	this	done	asap	.
thanks	.
i	am	reviewing	the	request	for	an	employment	agreement	renewal	on	mark	dean	laurent	.
juan	communicated	some	numbers	to	me	and	when	reviewing	this	request	would	like	to	ask	you	to	consider	the	following	:
current	salary	:	$	47,500
job	group	:	specialist
ye	prc	rating	:	satisfactory
original	proposition	:
base	salary	65	k
1	year	agreement
$	5,000	signing
revised	proposal	:
base	salary	:	55	k
1	year	agreement
$	5,000	signing
business	case	:	if	we	offered	dean	55	k	or	60	k	it	would	still	constitute	a	over	a	$	10,000	increase	-lrb-	approximately	25	%	-rrb-	and	taking	into	consideration	he	was	rated	as	satisfactory	at	the	specialist	level	.
also	,	the	top	of	the	salary	range	for	a	specialist	is	66	k	.
it	would	still	give	him	room	to	progress	in	the	current	job	group	should	he	not	be	promoted	.
secondly	,	he	will	still	out	price	performers	that	you	have	in	the	same	job	group	that	are	excellent	and	strong	performers	respectively	eg.	paul	thomas	,	jason	choate	,	todd	decook	and	peter	makkai	.
salary	listing	in	job	group	:
maria	valdes	superior	$	62,500
paul	thomas	excellent	$	55,008
jason	choate	excellent	$	60,008
todd	decook	strong	$	42,008
peter	makkai	strong	$	47,500
let	me	know	your	thoughts	....	then	i	will	run	it	by	oxley	.
are	we	going	to	attend	?
transmission	expansion	and	systems	in	transition	conference	feb.	5	-	8	,	2002	,	miami	,	florida
overview
this	conference	will	examine	the	business	and	regulatory	challenges	to	u.s.	electric	systems	in	transition	in	effectively	expanding	transmission	capacity	to	meet	new	demands	in	the	larger	and	more	competitive	regional	markets	emerging	under	ferc	's	rto	initiatives	.
the	conference	will	review	the	parameters	of	these	challenges	and	possible	solutions	to	them	.
it	will	examine	technology	options	and	new	business	models	for	transmission	expansion	.
it	will	analyze	emerging	proposals	for	effective	transmission	planning	and	pricing	,	including	market	-	based	pricing	alternatives	to	ferc	's	traditional	pricing	methods	.
the	conference	will	also	discuss	what	it	will	take	in	legislative	action	and	regulatory	initiative	to	achieve	an	efficient	regime	for	ensuring	that	the	nation	has	a	reliable	grid	and	regional	trading	system	.
the	brochure	for	the	conference	and	associated	workshops	can	be	obtained	by	clicking	on	the	link	below	:	<	http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf	>	<<	http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf	>>
electricity	market	design	conference	march	25	-	26	,	2002	,	atlanta	,	georgia
i	need	to	check	something	in	969	's	2000	tax	return	.
who	has	the	2000	tax	return	file	for	969	?
essie
sonya	city
07/30/2001	05:17	pm
<	embedded	picture	-lrb-	device	independent	bitmap	-rrb-	>
i	think	that	this	is	for	you	since	i	do	n't	know	any	of	these	people	.
who	:	enron
what	:	happy	hour	for	john	suarez
when	:	today	at	5	pm
where	:	the	front	porch	217	gray	st.	-lrb-	713	-rrb-	571-9571
why	:	today	is	john	's	last	day	at	ebs	.
this	is	not	an	enron	-	sponsored	event	.
how	do	you	feel	about	taking	on	another	company	?
essie	and	leon	have	proposed	xferring	co.	1691	to	your	world	-lrb-	see	below	-rrb-	.
do	you	concur	?
please	let	me	know	monday	morning	.
regards	,
vicsandra
if	you	have	not	already	made	these	decisions	,	essie	's	guidance	should	be	helpful	.
patty	lee	corporate	tax	x35172	eb	1774
please	see	my	comments	in	red	below	.
essie
essie	,
can	you	recommend	where	these	companies	each	fit	within	the	new	organization	?
if	possible	,	can	you	also	give	an	indication	of	the	rank	-	1	through	5	?
thanks	,
patty
i	have	a	few	entities	that	may	need	to	change	groups	or	be	assigned	to	a	group	.
18t	-	ei	indonesia	operations	llc
this	entity	is	not	in	tis	,	sap	,	nor	hyperion	.
the	2000	tax	return	has	no	income	,	assets	,	or	liabilities	.
there	is	a	corporate	data	sheet	for	this	company	,	but	this	entity	seems	to	have	been	inactive	since	it	's	creation	.
86m	-	enron	net	works	llc
despite	the	name	,	this	entity	appears	to	be	a	mtm	company	.
per	september	financials	,	this	company	has	about	$	3	m	of	mtm	and	about	$	8	k	of	expenses	,	nothing	else	.
the	next	5	companies	were	my	responsibility	while	in	ebs	,	and	did	not	get	assigned	during	the	reorg	.
80y	-	enron	broadband	acquisition	,	inc	.
this	entity	was	created	in	2000	for	the	acquistion	of	warpspeed	communications	-lrb-	now	enron	warpspeed	services	,	inc.	83n	-rrb-	,	and	then	dissolved	upon	completion	of	merger	.
company	is	around	with	a	small	amount	of	assets	and	liabilities	,	but	no	i/s	items	.
83n	is	my	responsibility	.
i	think	this	entity	should	stay	with	83n	.
so	i	suggest	it	be	assigned	to	leon	.
it	should	be	4	-	easy	.
1579	-	ebs	network	co.	division	of	17h	.
this	one	should	possibly	be	assigned	to	networks	&	services	group	.
not	currently	on	our	list	of	companies	.
i	think	this	could	go	to	either	holding	/	administrative	companies	-lrb-	same	as	17h	-rrb-	or	network	&	services	-lrb-	leon	-rrb-	.
4	-	easy	.
1691	-	epi	-	ebs	europe
set	up	last	month	to	centralize	merchant	asset	activities	.
broke	out	the	activities	of	1179	.
a	similar	entity	-lrb-	1179	-rrb-	was	assigned	to	commodity	and	trade	-lrb-	todd	richards	and	mary	fischer	-rrb-	so	this	one	should	be	assigned	to	them	as	well	.
4	-	easy	.
1307	-	ebic	-	apache	,	llc
rolls	up	to	cherokee	finance	vof	,	a	cfc	.
cherokee	finance	vof	is	assigned	to	north	america	-lrb-	glen	walloch	and	kevin	walker	-rrb-	.
maybe	this	one	should	also	go	to	them	as	the	only	tax	which	may	have	to	be	provided	would	be	foreign	tax	.
4	-	easy	.
1689	-	epi	-	ebs	ventures	,	llc
set	up	last	month	to	centralize	merchant	asset	activities	.
broke	out	the	activities	of	1307	.
same	as	1307	.
it	should	be	assigned	to	north	america	-lrb-	glen	walloch	and	kevin	walker	-rrb-	.
4	-	easy	.
let	me	know	if	you	have	any	questions	.
leon	branom	senior	tax	analyst	networks	and	services	-lrb-	713	-rrb-	345-8702	office	leon.branom@enron.com
no	problem	about	moving	company	1691	over
i	see	that	it	is	a	4	,	so	that	will	be	no	problem	.
how	do	you	feel	about	taking	on	another	company	?
essie	and	leon	have	proposed	xferring	co.	1691	to	your	world	-lrb-	see	below	-rrb-	.
do	you	concur	?
please	let	me	know	monday	morning	.
regards	,
vicsandra
if	you	have	not	already	made	these	decisions	,	essie	's	guidance	should	be	helpful	.
patty	lee	corporate	tax	x35172	eb	1774
please	see	my	comments	in	red	below	.
essie
essie	,
can	you	recommend	where	these	companies	each	fit	within	the	new	organization	?
if	possible	,	can	you	also	give	an	indication	of	the	rank	-	1	through	5	?
thanks	,
patty
virginia	,
hello	.
i	was	originally	inquiring	about	purchasing	a	cross	or	signac	impressionist	lithograph	.
i	found	them	and	purchased	both	from	a	gallery	in	london	,	william	weston	.
they	should	be	delivered	this	week	.
they	are	beautiful	and	will	add	a	lot	to	our	collection	.
by	the	way	the	lichtenstein	is	up	and	hanging	in	our	formal	living	room	and	it	is	magnificent	.
i	have	also	purchased	an	appel	in	the	last	month	.
i	am	interested	in	several	artists	.
actually	,	a	lot	.
i	will	be	looking	for	one	or	more	of	the	following	.
my	concept	is	that	over	time	i	would	like	to	own	one	of	all	the	following	artists	and	they	are	all	depending	when	i	find	something	that	we	really	like	.
i	listed	all	of	our	-lrb-	sometimes	mine	vs.	my	wife	's	favorites	and	priorities	-rrb-	.
they	are	kind	of	in	rank	order	but	as	i	stated	if	i	find	the	piece	that	i	like	we	will	purchase	it	.
i	want	signed	and	numbered	.
i	realize	that	some	were	not	signed	by	the	artist	but	it	is	an	important	fact	in	my	buying	decision	.
i	also	realize	that	some	may	not	have	done	any	works	on	paper	or	they	are	outrageously	expensive	.
for	example	,	i	would	like	to	know	if	rothko	or	kline	did	any	work	on	paper	.
at	least	that	is	what	i	am	thinking	now	.
bonnard	-lrb-	colorful	only	-rrb-
lautrec
suerat	-lrb-	any	works	on	paper	?	-
i	do	n't	know	that	he	did	any	-rrb-
other	impressionist	or	post	impressionist	lithos
braque
moore
arp
rouault
modrian
rothko
kline
motherwell
by	the	way	,	i	am	interested	in	re-looking	at	a	picasso	-lrb-	although	we	have	2	-rrb-	that	your	gallery	had	a	couple	of	years	ago	.
it	was	a	cubist	piece	from	the	1920s	and	i	believe	you	called	the	technique	a	"	push	wa	"	-lrb-	pronunciation	vs	an	attempt	at	the	proper	spelling	-rrb-	.
it	was	for	sale	in	a	couple	of	galleries	in	sf	and	was	about	$	20,000	.
is	there	1	available	?
also	i	am	still	thinking	about	the	matisse	we	discussed	before	but	as	you	can	see	,	i	have	a	lot	of	other	artists	i	am	interested	in	and	it	may	remain	on	the	back	burner	because	we	already	have	one	.
thanks	,
mike
huskers	drool	over	sooners	.
ken	rice@enron	communications
01/19/2001	09:14	am
huskers	rule	,	sooners	drool	.
mike	mcconnell@ect
01/19/01	07:55	am
thanks	for	the	note	.
sooners	rule	.
we	'll	find	time	when	things	settle	down	.
m
ken	rice@enron	communications
01/19/2001	07:24	am
mike
i	see	that	we	are	scheduled	to	have	lunch	today	.
i	may	have	to	postpone	again	,	i	'll	let	you	know	later	this	morning	.
i	am	out	all	weekend	and	we	have	to	have	the	final	comments	on	the	analyst	presentation	in	by	sunday	night	so	i	may	be	working	over	lunch	.
actually	,	i	think	we	are	in	pretty	good	shape	so	i	will	probably	be	doing	lunch	but	just	do	n't	be	too	mad	if	i	have	to	cancel	.
ken
ps	your	brother	told	me	he	went	to	3	bowl	games	-lrb-	when	i	found	out	that	two	of	them	were	the	galleryfurniture.com	bowl	and	that	one	in	shreveport	-lrb-	i	ca	n't	remember	the	name	of	it	-rrb--rrb-	i	realized	he	is	a	very	,	very	sick	college	football	fan	.
jeff	,	here	is	the	intial	draft	.
please	leave	as	a	word	document	and	make	any	changes	and	additions	that	you	think	necessary	.
i	have	n't	even	changed	the	wording	after	i	first	put	it	down	.
mike
mark	,	i	thought	you	would	enjoy	the	comment	about	you	.
m
ken	rice@enron	communications
01/19/2001	07:24	am
mike
i	see	that	we	are	scheduled	to	have	lunch	today	.
i	may	have	to	postpone	again	,	i	'll	let	you	know	later	this	morning	.
i	am	out	all	weekend	and	we	have	to	have	the	final	comments	on	the	analyst	presentation	in	by	sunday	night	so	i	may	be	working	over	lunch	.
actually	,	i	think	we	are	in	pretty	good	shape	so	i	will	probably	be	doing	lunch	but	just	do	n't	be	too	mad	if	i	have	to	cancel	.
ken
ps	your	brother	told	me	he	went	to	3	bowl	games	-lrb-	when	i	found	out	that	two	of	them	were	the	galleryfurniture.com	bowl	and	that	one	in	shreveport	-lrb-	i	ca	n't	remember	the	name	of	it	-rrb--rrb-	i	realized	he	is	a	very	,	very	sick	college	football	fan	.
i	will	put	this	on	our	calendars	.
too	bad	you	wo	n't	make	the	compaq	thing	,	but	maybe	next	year	.
san	antonio	,	wow	what	a	let	down	from	the	other	cities	.
that	will	be	a	nice	time	of	year	though	.
i	can	recommend	some	good	restaurants	since	i	took	ric	there	last	year	for	his	birthday	.
we	stayed	at	the	menger	and	had	a	great	time	.
kay	mann@enron
09/20/2000	04:18	pm
this	friday	-	michael	goes	for	a	visit	at	st.	francis	,	which	may	be	his	new	school	-lrb-	so	far	,	so	good	-rrb-	.
i	'll	be	in	around	1000
most	fridays	i	'm	going	to	try	to	pick	michael	up	since	i	'm	away	so	much	,	which	means	leaving	by	445	or	so	.
october	4	,	ena	orientation	in	the	am	.
october	19	/	20	,	neil	is	out	of	town	,	so	i	have	to	pick	michael	up	from	school	-lrb-	leave	at	430	-rrb-
october	26	/	27	,	hope	to	be	vacation	time	.
neil	has	a	meeting	in	san	antonio	-lrb-	usually	it	is	in	miami	,	san	francisco	,	phoenix	-	not	so	great	this	year	-rrb-	.
it	is	the	officer	's	meeting	for	enterprise	,	and	spouses	are	invited	.
this	means	we	wo	n't	be	in	town	for	the	compaq	thing	.
figures	,	of	course	.
thanks	for	asking	.
i	'm	watching	for	some	good	vacation	days	,	also	...
fyi	/	review	/	comment
i	have	a	couple	of	questions	so	i	can	wrap	up	the	loi	:
we	refer	to	licensed	fuel	cell	energy	equipment	.
do	we	intend	to	reference	a	particular	manufacturer	,	or	should	this	be	more	generic	?
do	we	want	to	attach	a	draft	of	the	development	agreement	,	and	condition	the	final	deal	on	agreeing	to	terms	substantially	the	same	as	what	's	in	the	draft	?
i	have	a	concern	that	the	enron	optionality	bug	could	bite	us	on	the	backside	with	that	one	.
do	we	expect	to	have	one	epc	contract	,	or	several	?
i	'm	looking	for	the	confidentiality	agreement	,	which	may	be	in	bart	's	files	-lrb-	have	n't	checked	closely	yet	-rrb-	.
if	anyone	has	it	handy	,	it	could	speed	things	up	for	me	.
thanks	,
kay
forget	the	one	or	more	contract	questions	.
i	see	we	expect	to	have	separate	contracts	for	each	project	.
i	have	a	couple	of	questions	so	i	can	wrap	up	the	loi	:
we	refer	to	licensed	fuel	cell	energy	equipment	.
do	we	intend	to	reference	a	particular	manufacturer	,	or	should	this	be	more	generic	?
do	we	want	to	attach	a	draft	of	the	development	agreement	,	and	condition	the	final	deal	on	agreeing	to	terms	substantially	the	same	as	what	's	in	the	draft	?
i	have	a	concern	that	the	enron	optionality	bug	could	bite	us	on	the	backside	with	that	one	.
do	we	expect	to	have	one	epc	contract	,	or	several	?
i	'm	looking	for	the	confidentiality	agreement	,	which	may	be	in	bart	's	files	-lrb-	have	n't	checked	closely	yet	-rrb-	.
if	anyone	has	it	handy	,	it	could	speed	things	up	for	me	.
thanks	,
kay
on	the	issue	of	the	contracts	,	the	draft	says	that	the	$	170	m	is	paid	when	the	epc	contract	is	signed	.
are	we	expecting	that	the	portion	attributable	to	each	project	will	be	paid	as	the	individual	epc	contracts	are	signed	?
thanks	,
kay
1	.	the	pricing	that	we	have	given	crra	is	specific	to	fuelcell	energy	and	would	not	be	meaningful	without	listing	the	manufacturer	-lrb-	i.e.	,	onsi	would	be	a	lot	more	money	-rrb-	.
hence	,	i	think	that	we	have	to	reference	the	manufacturer	.
2	.	the	attachment	of	the	development	agreement	is	a	jeff	question	.
in	order	to	mark	any	2000	income	,	we	will	need	to	get	crra	to	execute	the	development	agreement	in	2000	.
in	my	opinion	,	we	should	show	crra	a	copy	of	the	loi	with	the	assumption	that	the	development	agreement	is	attached	.
i	would	actually	send	them	the	draft	development	agreement	a	couple	days	after	the	loi	.
based	on	how	crra	reacts	,	i	would	make	an	ultimate	determination	if	the	agreement	needs	to	be	attached	to	the	loi	.
3	.	i	expect	at	least	one	epc	contract	per	project	.
we	do	n't	want	to	condition	the	acceptance	of	one	project	on	the	performance	of	another	project	.
performance	tests	will	either	be	performed	on	a	project	basis	or	a	unit	by	unit	basis	in	a	given	project	.
remarkably	clear	explanation	.
sent	by	:	ben	jacoby@ect
fyi	,	see	below	.
mom	's	birthday	is	tommorow	.
what	are	we	going	to	get	her	?
chris
that	is	some	good	stuff	.
i	hear	you	are	coming	our	way	soon	.
look	forward	to	drinking	a	few	beers	.
chris
michael	mcdermott	<	michael.mcdermott@spectrongroup.com	>	on	06/01/2000	06:00:56	am
yo	mama	`s	so	fat	....
your	mama	is	so	fat	:	when	she	hauls	ass	she	has	to	make	two	trips	.
when	she	dances	she	makes	the	band	skip	.
when	she	was	diagnosed	with	the	flesh	eating	disease	the	doctor	gave	her	13	years	to	live	.
she	puts	mayonnaise	on	aspirin	.	-lrb-	<-	clearly	the	winner	-rrb-
her	cereal	bowl	came	with	a	lifeguard	.
when	she	goes	to	the	zoo	the	elephants	throw	her	peanuts	.
her	high	school	graduation	picture	was	an	aerial	photograph	.
her	driver	`s	license	says	"	picture	continued	on	other	side	.	"
she	has	to	iron	her	pants	on	the	driveway	.
the	back	of	her	neck	looks	like	a	pack	of	hot	dogs	.
yo	mama	`s	so	fat	,	all	the	restaurants	in	town	have	signs	that	say	:	"	maximum	occupancy	:	240	patrons	or	yo	mama	"	yo	mama	`s	so	fat	,	when	she	ran	away	,	they	had	to	use	all	four	sides	of	the	milk	carton	.
yo	mama	`s	so	fat	,	instead	of	levis	501	jeans	,	she	wears	levi`s	1002`s	.
yo	mama	`s	so	fat	,	when	she	gets	in	an	elevator	,	it	has	to	go	down	.
yo	mama	`s	so	fat	,	she	was	born	with	a	silver	shovel	in	her	mouth	.
yo	mama	`s	so	fat	,	she	`s	got	smaller	fat	women	orbiting	around	her	.
yo	mama	`s	so	fat	,	she	could	sell	shade	.
you	will	have	to	wait	and	see	:--rrb-
done	!
expect	a	call	from	paul	tonight	.
chris
what	are	some	good	interview	questions	?
poll	your	co-workers	.
cd
i	told	paul	that	you	called	him	yesterday	so	abruptly	because	you	did	n't	want	to	waste	his	time	while	you	got	tests	done	for	arthritis	.
i	told	him	i	told	you	to	call	him	back	and	at	least	hear	what	he	has	to	say	.
he	said	they	are	looking	for	people	and	based	on	what	i	told	him	an	interview	was	a	formality	.
chris
is	that	microwave	that	you	gave	dan	really	expensive	?
all	the	guys	at	work	are	saying	i	should	n't	bother	having	it	fixed	i	should	just	buy	a	new	one	.
chris
jai	hawker	974-6721
i	wo	n't	forget	about	the	$	.
do	i	need	to	cross	reference	the	deals	in	my	model	to	the	deals	in	the	system	or	did	you	already	do	that	?
chris
kathy	,
do	n't	take	that	deal	out	until	i	look	at	it	.
i	think	it	is	mine	but	i	forgot	to	write	it	in	the	blue	fx	book	-lrb-	i	only	wrote	it	in	my	red	book	-rrb-	.
thanx	,
chris
just	a	reminder	to	send	me	a	currency	report	.
thanx	,
chris
paul	called	me	today	.
he	will	be	in	calgary	in	a	couple	of	weeks	and	will	interview	you	then	.
chris
you	should	reply	asap	.
do	n't	make	peters	and	co.	wait	.
chris
i	did	n't	get	a	chance	to	talk	to	paul	today	.
give	him	a	call	tommorow	.
chris
will	you	please	run	a	june	nx3	/	nx1	for	our	book	.
paul
how	about	meeting	at	11:30	or	12	?
i	am	in	the	office	so	give	me	a	call	.
cd	3-1663
the	deed	is	done	.
chris
find	attached	resume	and	cover	letter	.
hopefully	he	did	n't	spel	anyting	incorrectly	.
dan	is	really	smart	and	a	hard	worker	.
i	think	he	would	be	a	good	fit	.
give	me	a	call	tuesday	afternoon	to	discuss	-lrb-	gone	to	kelowna	golfing	for	the	weekend	-rrb-	.
cheers	,
chris
i	have	n't	had	a	chance	to	send	it	yet	.
paul	is	out	of	the	office	today	so	i	have	n't	had	a	chance	to	talk	to	him	.
i	'll	send	it	as	soon	as	you	resond	wether	i	should	or	not	.
chris
are	you	guys	still	looking	for	an	analyst	?
should	i	send	the	resume	to	dawn	or	you	directly	?
chris	enron	canada	corp.	suite	1100	,	70	york	street	toronto	,	ontario	m5j	1s9	416-865-3700
paul	devries	-	director	416-865-3703
jan	wilson	-	manager	416-865-3704
attached	is	a	forecast	for	the	rest	of	the	summer	for	the	x	-lrb-	nwp	and	pgt	-rrb-	.
we	should	try	to	have	a	conference	call	with	the	west	desk	to	discuss	as	soon	as	we	can	.
chris
see	you	there	!
cd
sushi	tonight	?
ryan	watt	says	high	.
chris
i	will	be	able	to	attend	.
chris
mike	jordan
26/09/2000	14:14
fernley	/	sally
off	and	on	-lrb-	with	jackie	gentle	's	help	-rrb-	i	have	pulled	together	a	one	page	communication	note	on	our	fundamental	operating	standards	-lrb-	itself	a	one	page	summary	-rrb-	.
we	are	in	the	final	stages	of	this	process	-	where	we	draft	a	cover	letter	for	john	which	will	introduce	this	for	inclusion	within	globalflash	-lrb-	the	enron	europe	newsletter	-rrb-
have	you	any	thoughts	on	draft	or	cover	note	?
mike
late	jan	sounds	great	.
meagan	does	have	a	couple	of	big	things	on	the	weekend	in	january	--	national	charity	league	senior	presentation	-lrb-	big	dance	that	she	and	i	are	committed	to	help	with	-rrb-	,	the	bearkadette	ball	and	a	winter	party	for	cotillion	.
i	believe	that	these	are	three	weekends	in	a	row	,	january	6	,	13	and	20th	.
so	the	last	weekend	in	january	would	work	well	-lrb-	and	i	will	need	a	rest	from	formal	affairs	!	-rrb-	.
does	that	work	for	you	?
and	do	you	want	to	do	it	on	a	saturday	or	sunday	?
saturday	probably	works	better	for	me	,	just	so	that	i	am	back	in	houston	and	doing	laundry	by	sunday	afternoon	!!
hi	...
talked	to	the	little	mother	-	to	-	be	.
she	said	a	shower	would	be	grand	.
she	has	some	big	presentation	mid-january	.
how	does	late	january	sound	to	you	.
should	we	set	a	date	now	?
am	i	turning	into	mother	?
cindy
i	think	that	it	is	a	great	idea	to	get	some	press	regarding	our	fundamental	operating	standards	,	but	i	wonder	about	the	most	appropriate	timing	,	enough	of	a	global	message	and	the	means	of	delivery	.
on	the	means	of	delivery	,	i	am	not	sure	from	your	note	whether	or	not	i	fully	understand	the	intent	.
is	there	an	article	to	be	included	in	an	enron	publication	and	in	addition	a	letter	to	be	sent	under	john	's	name	-lrb-	if	so	,	to	whom	will	the	letter	be	sent	-rrb-	?
or	is	the	letter	from	john	an	introduction	to	be	included	as	a	lead	in	to	the	article	?
with	regard	to	a	global	message	,	i	think	that	one	of	the	key	points	around	fundamental	operating	standards	are	that	they	are	intended	to	be	global	in	nature	,	applied	to	every	commodity	and	every	location	where	we	engage	in	trading	activities	.
with	these	operating	standards	implemented	worldwide	,	we	will	know	as	operations	professionals	that	risk	is	being	mitigated	and	we	will	be	able	to	ensure	enron	top	management	that	there	is	consistency	in	operating	standards	worldwide	.
these	global	standards	also	should	enable	enron	to	expand	its	business	reach	more	quickly	,	with	well	defined	requirements	with	regard	to	trading	operations	.
i	am	not	sure	from	the	article	as	written	that	the	global	nature	of	this	effort	comes	across	.
finally	,	a	question	regarding	timing	.
the	last	i	knew	after	you	and	brent	drafted	this	starting	point	for	fundamental	operating	standards	was	that	this	was	being	circulated	-lrb-	shona	took	this	to	do	after	brent	's	return	to	houston	-rrb-	for	comments	to	all	business	controllers	.
i	do	n't	believe	that	we	are	quite	at	the	point	that	we	can	say	that	all	business	controllers	worldwide	have	reviewed	,	understand	and	have	implemented	these	standards	.
and	not	to	belittle	the	process	of	creating	the	standards	,	the	tough	part	-lrb-	and	the	real	meat	behind	this	-rrb-	will	be	an	effective	exception	report	on	a	global	basis	against	these	standards	.
my	commitment	to	rick	causey	is	that	i	will	have	that	global	report	in	production	by	the	end	of	the	year	.
there	is	much	work	to	do	in	defining	the	content	and	regularity	of	the	report	and	even	more	work	to	do	to	identify	reliable	sources	of	data	for	compiling	the	report	.
shona	has	commissioned	mike	moscoso	to	work	on	this	,	and	i	believe	that	mike	has	already	been	working	with	james	new	.
so	i	question	whether	or	not	you	want	to	publish	info	about	fundamental	standards	that	we	can	not	yet	report	against	.
would	a	more	appropriate	time	be	after	the	global	operations	controller	meeting	in	october	when	we	should	have	worldwide	buy	-	in	and	commitment	to	these	standards	and	-lrb-	hopefully	-rrb-	our	first	draft	of	a	meaningful	exception	report	?
sorry	that	this	response	looks	so	long	.
i	have	been	interrupted	20	times	while	responding	,	so	i	hope	that	it	makes	sense	.
thanks	for	sharing	this	with	me	.
since	you	asked	for	input	,	i	hope	that	you	do	n't	mind	that	i	gave	you	some	.
--	sally
david	w	delainey@ect
11/10/2000	01:04	pm
steve	,	i	noticed	that	our	allocation	from	2000	to	2001	is	going	up	by	21	%	year	on	year	-lrb-	ie	-rrb-	$	13.9	m	from	$	11.5	m	.
we	have	been	able	to	keep	ena	's	direct	group	expenses	flat	year	on	year	,	we	are	trying	hard	to	keep	the	corporate	allocation	flat	year	to	year	as	well	.
do	you	have	a	view	on	how	we	might	be	able	to	achieve	this	goal	?
regards
delainey
do	n't	worry	about	it	...	sorry	for	putting	you	back	on	speaker	.
i	just	wanted	sue	to	hear	-lrb-	she	enjoys	utility	bashing	so	much	-rrb-	.
thanks	for	the	comment	on	the	hearing	.
in	some	respects	i	do	n't	think	the	first	panel	could	have	gone	much	better	;	everyone	thanked	ferc	for	intervening	-lrb-	though	for	different	reasons	-rrb-	.
the	other	staff	reports	are	also	looking	good	.
scott	miller	has	been	a	godsend	--	somebody	not	afraid	to	tell	it	like	it	is	.
jeff	dasovich
sent	by	:	jeff	dasovich
11/10/2000	12:33	pm
i	apologize	if	i	offended	anyone	.
please	let	them	know	that	i	was	simply	quoting	the	ceo	of	a	large	,	regulated	utility	in	california	.
thanks	for	attributing	the	quote	to	me	.
you	did	a	great	job	at	the	hearing	----	it	went	decidely	downhill	after	you	left	.
best	,
jeff
does	she	have	any	interest	in	meeting	one	-	on	-	one	or	is	she	just	looking	for	a	public	hanging	?
i	remain	convinced	that	if	we	can	just	get	the	facts	in	front	of	people	they	will	modulate	their	approach	.
jeff	dasovich
sent	by	:	jeff	dasovich
11/10/2000	12:21	pm
given	the	short	notice	,	we	will	politely	decline	to	participate	at	the	hearing	on	monday	,	but	will	let	the	good	senator	know	that	,	in	general	,	we	intend	to	engage	actively	in	the	process	and	plan	to	help	california	find	a	solution	that	works	for	everybody	.
amen	.
see	below	.
can	we	get	some	help	on	the	ibm	issues	?
erin	rice
11/10/2000	11:08	am
steve	:
at	this	point	,	our	it	contacts	are	backpedalling	a	bit	and	suggesting	they	can	overcome	the	tibco	and	terminal	server	problems	.
there	are	still	four	important	issues	,	however	:
it	still	can	not	commit	to	transferring	messages	across	domains	.
this	means	that	messages	initiated	at	corp	and	intended	for	the	entire	enron	organization	will	not	reach	any	business	units	outside	the	corp	domain	.
no	messages	will	reach	the	ees	organization	unless	ibm	agrees	not	to	use	their	proprietary	message	delivery	tool	,	websphere	,	and	will	use	weblogic	instead	.
weblogic	is	required	by	backweb	,	although	it	is	designed	by	a	separate	company	.
hr	,	intended	to	be	a	key	user	of	this	tool	,	will	not	use	backweb	because	survey	responses	can	not	be	made	anonymous	.
hr	has	already	purchased	a	tool	called	confirmit	that	can	execute	anonymous	surveys	.
messages	will	not	be	delivered	simultaneously	to	all	users	in	the	same	domain	,	nor	will	they	be	delivered	for	two	to	five	hours	after	they	are	sent	by	the	message	administrator	.
another	thing	to	consider	is	that	these	messages	will	be	set	to	expire	and	disappear	within	a	set	period	of	time	,	meaning	users	can	not	retrieve	them	and	read	them	later	-lrb-	as	they	can	with	e-mail	-rrb-	.
this	means	that	i	could	be	away	from	the	office	for	several	days	and	miss	a	message	entirely	,	because	it	would	have	expired	and	disappeared	by	the	time	i	returned	.
the	plain	fact	is	that	a	few	members	of	it	are	pushing	this	initiative	,	but	they	lack	commercial	sponsorship	.
they	are	hoping	corp	will	foot	the	bill	for	a	pilot	which	will	allow	them	to	fully	test	this	tool	before	implementing	it	company	-	wide	.
please	let	us	know	if	you	have	additional	questions	.
-	er
steven	j	kean
11/09/2000	11:35	am
do	we	have	a	sense	for	how	many	we	can	reach	,	how	many	we	ca	n't	and	where	they	are	?
are	whole	offices	-lrb-	eg	tokyo	-rrb-	unreachable	or	is	it	only	those	who	have	home	offices	?
courtney	votaw
11/08/2000	11:02	am
mark	and	steve	-
erin	rice	and	i	would	like	to	meet	with	you	to	discuss	the	issues	concerning	backweb	before	we	proceed	.
as	you	can	see	from	the	design	document	,	they	are	pretty	significant	.
thanks	,
courtney
calendar
paul	kaufman@ect
sent	by	:	lysa	akin@ect
11/10/2000	05:59	pm
paul	kaufman	has	asked	me	to	set	a	conference	call	to	review	the	ferc	meeting	that	was	held	thursday	,	nov.	9th	.
please	be	advised	that	i	have	set	the	call	as	follows	:
date	:	monday	,	nov.	13th
time	:	11:30	am	/	1:30	pm	central	/	2:30	pm	eastern
call	in	#	:	888-422-7132
pin	#	:	411507
pin	#	for	paul	kaufman	only	:	362416
if	you	have	any	questions	,	please	call	503/464-7927	.
lysa	akin	ass't.	to	paul	kaufman
it	's	on	tonight
it	's	did	you	watch	your	girl	on	tv	last	night	?
the	deal	number	is	814014	-	why	ca	n't	you	see	this	?
did	you	do	a	deal	with	national	fuel	marketing	purchasing	3,500	mmbtu	on	may	30th	@	2.975	?
they	are	invoicing	for	this	and	i	do	n't	have	an	invoice	for	it	.
can	you	give	me	the	sitara	deal	#	?
thanks
darla
ok	to	book	for	me	and	my	husband	,	joseph	.
i	was	issued	a	new	corporate	american	express	card	.
same	number	with	expiration	date	of	3/03	.
if	you	need	any	more	info	,	please	advise	.
otherwise	,	i	will	assume	you	will	book	the	two	tickets	.
thank	you	.
actually	-	upon	second	look	the	deal	number	is	814014	-	why	ca	n't	you	see	this	?
did	you	do	a	deal	with	national	fuel	marketing	purchasing	3,500	mmbtu	on	may	30th	@	2.975	?
they	are	invoicing	for	this	and	i	do	n't	have	an	invoice	for	it	.
can	you	give	me	the	sitara	deal	#	?
thanks
darla
should	be	non	bondad
jane	,	on	deal	763736	for	may	01	sales	to	southwest	gas	,	we	have	a	pricing	discrepancy	.
our	system	reflects	sj	bondad	gdp	but	swg	is	going	to	pay	us	based	on	sj	non-bondad	gdp	.
can	you	please	confirm	which	price	is	correct	and	make	the	change	in	sitara	if	necessary	?
thanks
laurie	ellis	enron	net	works	llc	client	services	phone	:	-lrb-	713	-rrb-	345-9945	fax	:	-lrb-	713	-rrb-	646-8420	email	:	laurie.ellis@enron.com
sorry	about	the	flooding	.
hope	you	and	your	family	survived	ok	.
attached	are	the	gas	settlement	and	support	for	may	.
the	only	difference	we	had	was	for	package	v02	.
mark	anderson	says	that	even	though	bondad	gas	flowed	,	the	price	was	non-bondad	.
have	a	great	day	.
nancy
-	enron.xls	<<	file	:	enron.xls	>>
-	enrongss.xls	<<	file	:	enrongss.xls	>>
actually	-	for	volumes	flowing	out	of	bondad	-	which	is	deal	number	763736	price	is	bondad	gda	;	for	blanco	-	deal	number	759933	-	price	is	nonbondad	gda
jane	,	on	deal	763736	for	may	01	sales	to	southwest	gas	,	we	have	a	pricing	discrepancy	.
our	system	reflects	sj	bondad	gdp	but	swg	is	going	to	pay	us	based	on	sj	non-bondad	gdp	.
can	you	please	confirm	which	price	is	correct	and	make	the	change	in	sitara	if	necessary	?
thanks
laurie	ellis	enron	net	works	llc	client	services	phone	:	-lrb-	713	-rrb-	345-9945	fax	:	-lrb-	713	-rrb-	646-8420	email	:	laurie.ellis@enron.com
sorry	about	the	flooding	.
hope	you	and	your	family	survived	ok	.
attached	are	the	gas	settlement	and	support	for	may	.
the	only	difference	we	had	was	for	package	v02	.
mark	anderson	says	that	even	though	bondad	gas	flowed	,	the	price	was	non-bondad	.
have	a	great	day	.
nancy
-	enron.xls	<<	file	:	enron.xls	>>
-	enrongss.xls	<<	file	:	enrongss.xls	>>
i	talked	with	mark	at	sw	gas	-	just	honro	his	numbers
nancy	,	can	you	please	reconfirm	with	mark	the	price	for	the	gas	at	bondad	?
my	trader	is	supporting	her	price	of	sj	bondad	gdp	rather	than	sj	non-bondad	gdp	.
thanks
laurie	ellis	enron	net	works	llc	client	services	phone	:	-lrb-	713	-rrb-	345-9945	fax	:	-lrb-	713	-rrb-	646-8420	email	:	laurie.ellis@enron.com
actually	-	for	volumes	flowing	out	of	bondad	-	which	is	deal	number	763736	price	is	bondad	gda	;	for	blanco	-	deal	number	759933	-	price	is	nonbondad	gda
jane	,	on	deal	763736	for	may	01	sales	to	southwest	gas	,	we	have	a	pricing	discrepancy	.
our	system	reflects	sj	bondad	gdp	but	swg	is	going	to	pay	us	based	on	sj	non-bondad	gdp	.
can	you	please	confirm	which	price	is	correct	and	make	the	change	in	sitara	if	necessary	?
thanks
laurie	ellis	enron	net	works	llc	client	services	phone	:	-lrb-	713	-rrb-	345-9945	fax	:	-lrb-	713	-rrb-	646-8420	email	:	laurie.ellis@enron.com
sorry	about	the	flooding	.
hope	you	and	your	family	survived	ok	.
attached	are	the	gas	settlement	and	support	for	may	.
the	only	difference	we	had	was	for	package	v02	.
mark	anderson	says	that	even	though	bondad	gas	flowed	,	the	price	was	non-bondad	.
have	a	great	day	.
nancy
-	enron.xls	<<	file	:	enron.xls	>>
-	enrongss.xls	<<	file	:	enrongss.xls	>>
please	find	enclosed	ees	's	request	for	volumes	for	pge	citygate	delvery	effective	11/1/01	:
see	attached	spreadsheet	.
please	quote	the	gas	on	an	indexed	basis	.
if	you	have	any	questions	or	comments	,	please	advise	.
i	have	not	had	the	patience	to	get	it	working	-	i	will	call	you	some	evening	and	we	can	walk	thru	it	.
how	was	your	trip	to	des	moines	?
did	dthat	stuff	form	joe	help	your	car	.
hey	cester	,
when	are	we	going	to	get	netmeeting	going	?
how	is	deb	's	knee	?
did	she	ever	go	to	a	real	doctor	?
[	tholt	,	jane	m.	]
yes	she	is	having	physical	theraphy	3	times	a	week	.
she	said	it	is	getting	better	.
i	have	n't	seen	her	for	a	couple	of	weeks	and	have	only	talked	to	her	.
i	will	probably	be	calling	you	next	week	-	the	desk	wants	me	to	become	more	involved	in	regulatory	updates	so	i	will	seek	your	assistance	with	this	matter	.
jared	just	told	me	you	have	a	bunch	of	stuff	on	your	plate	and	i	think	you	are	about	to	get	much	busier	too	.
cool	by	me	!
jared	,	ruth	and	i	are	going	to	go	over	all	the	florida	activity	tomorrow	morning	.
if	no	one	objects	,	i	will	be	the	lead	coordinator	on	florida	starting	tomorrow	.
yes	maam	,	she	's	ubs	now	.
she	was	just	down	here	too	.
chris	,
i	did	n't	remember	if	your	email	mentioned	judy	.
did	she	make	it	?
cindy	franklin	transportation	services	work	:	832.676.3177	fax	:	832.676.1329	pager	:	1.888.509.3736
******************************************************************
this	email	and	any	files	transmitted	with	it	from	the	elpaso	corporation	are	confidential	and	intended	solely	for	the	use	of	the	individual	or	entity	to	whom	they	are	addressed	.
if	you	have	received	this	email	in	error	please	notify	the	sender	.
******************************************************************
jared	,	ruth	and	i	are	going	to	go	over	all	the	florida	activity	tomorrow	morning	.
if	no	one	objects	,	i	will	be	the	lead	coordinator	on	florida	starting	tomorrow	.
ok	,	i	never	get	to	talk	to	ruth	because	she	is	always	on	the	phone	.
and	i	bet	she	's	on	the	phone	with	shemin	too	!!!
should	we	all	get	together	and	make	a	conference	call	to	dominion	like	we	did	before	or	should	i	just	call	jeff	davis	myself	?
our	last	call	was	iris	kind	,	bill	savier	-lrb-	sp	?	-rrb-	,	and	jeff	davis	.
do	n't	forget	about	me	.
i	'm	still	trying	to	find	out	what	it	will	take	to	move	gas	on	and	ena	tabs	agreement	.
no	transportation	at	this	point	,	just	a	tabs	.
also	,	it	will	be	much	easier	for	you	guys	to	monitor	because	most	of	the	deals	will	be	monthly	.
steve	,	everything	looks	good	with	one	exception	.
the	rate	schedule	on	tennessee	should	be	either	net	-	2	or	net	-	284	.
i	wo	n't	find	out	until	monday	.
you	review	and	approve	it	,	keep	it	on	your	desk	,	and	i	will	come	over	and	make	the	change	at	your	desk	on	monday	.
then	i	'll	take	it	to	ed	for	his	approval	.
by	the	way	,	cullen	and	dykman	is	sending	copies	of	what	we	are	doing	to	melanie	gray	.
chris	:
per	our	conversation	a	few	minutes	ago	,	attached	please	find	the	revised	stipulation	.
this	document	has	been	modified	with	the	changes	that	were	in	the	mark	-	up	you	faxed	to	toni	donohue	here	a	few	hours	ago	.
i	also	deleted	"	subject	to	recall	"	based	on	our	discussion	,	assuming	you	get	approval	for	that	revision	.
you	informed	me	that	you	would	discuss	this	with	your	attorney	.
also	,	as	i	mentioned	to	you	,	we	have	faxed	your	mark	-	up	to	melanie	gray	at	weil	gotschal	in	houston	to	keep	her	informed	.
-lrb-	her	voice	mail	says	she	's	out	of	the	office	until	monday	.	-rrb-
thanks	for	all	your	help	on	this	.
david	t.	metcalfe	cullen	and	dykman	llp	177	montague	street	brooklyn	,	new	york	11201	phone	:	718-780-0046	fax	:	718-780-0276	e-mail	:	dmetcalfe@cullenanddykman.com
____________________________________________________
this	email	may	contain	material	that	is	confidential	,	privileged	and	/	or	attorney	work	product	for	the	sole	use	of	the	intended	recipient	-lrb-	s	-rrb-	.
any	review	,	reliance	or	distribution	by	others	or	forwarding	without	express	permission	is	strictly	prohibited	.
if	you	are	not	the	intended	recipient	,	please	contact	the	sender	and	delete	all	copies	.
<<	stipulation	-ect-kedne	re	igts	&	tennessee	cap	releases	-final.doc	>>
<<	blackline	-stip	-ect-kedne	re	cap	releases	-2-f.doc	>>
-	stipulation	-ect-kedne	re	igts	&	tennessee	cap	releases	-final.doc	-	blackline	-stip	-ect-kedne	re	cap	releases	-2-f.doc
a	heartwarming	story	of	the	advances	of	women	in	achieving	equality	throughout	the	world	.
barbara	walters	did	a	story	on	gender	roles	in	kuwait	several	years	before	the	gulf	war	.
she	noted	then	that	women	customarily	walked	about	10	feet	behind	their	husbands	.
she	returned	to	kuwait	recently	and	observed	that	the	men	now	walked	several	yards	behind	their	wives	.
ms.	walters	approached	one	of	the	women	and	said	,	"	this	is	marvelous	.
can	you	tell	the	free	world	just	what	enabled	women	here	to	achieve	this	reversal	of	roles	?	"
"	land	mines	,	"	said	the	kuwaiti	woman	.
cullen	and	dykman	-lrb-	attorneys	for	boston	gas	company	-rrb-	approved	all	of	our	changes	on	the	agreement	to	release	the	tenn	and	iroq	space	back	to	boston	gas	.
they	also	made	one	other	change	,	they	are	taking	out	the	"	subject	to	recall	"	language	at	the	bottom	of	page	2	under	item	#	1	.
they	will	be	sending	the	revised	document	to	me	.
i	will	deliver	it	to	you	for	your	approval	.
maybe	we	can	go	drinking	too	.
that	would	be	fun	.
i	'll	be	at	your	house	around	10:30	or	11	tonight	.
you	really	do	not	have	to	go	.
i	know	you	have	a	lot	going	on	with	you	and	the	little	woman	.
i	can	handle	the	tractor	.
love	to	have	you	along	for	the	company	,	but	it	is	not	necessary	.
you	have	a	lot	on	you	plate	,	dad	.
chris.germany@enron.com	on	01/25/2002	03:13:58	pm
funny	.
no	.
i	did	n't	feel	guilty	about	the	garage	sale	,	that	's	why	i	was	annoyed	-	being	notified	at	10:00	at	night	grrrrrrr	.
i	do	feel	guilty	about	you	doing	all	this	work	.
so	i	'm	going	with	you	,	i	pay	for	the	gas	and	the	twinkies	.
correction	,
jack	welch	is	the	ceo	of	ge	,	not	gm	.
vince	kaminski
the	ethink	team
we	recently	asked	you	to	create	an	espeak	"	wish	list	"	for	us	.
the	response	was	tremendous	and	,	in	some	cases	,	very	creative	.
your	fellow	employees	asked	for	everyone	from	britney	spears	to	george	bush	.
in	all	,	we	received	requests	for	61	persons	outside	of	enron	to	host	an	espeak	event	.
we	thought	you	might	like	to	know	who	your	colleagues	find	interesting	,	so	we	've	provided	a	sampling	of	the	suggestions	below	.
here	are	the	top	ten	most	requested	espeakers	.
10	.	jack	welch	,	ceo	,	general	motors
9	.	scott	mcneally	,	ceo	,	sun	microsystems
8	.	satisfied	enron	customers
7	.	stephen	covey	,	author	,	the	seven	habits	of	highly	effective	people
6	.	oprah	winfrey	,	talkshow	host
5	.	general	colin	powell	,	former	chairman	,	joint	chiefs	of	staff	,	u.s.a	.
4	.	alan	greenspan	,	chairman	,	federal	reserve	,	u.s.a	.
3	.	former	u.s.	president	george	bush
2	.	bill	gates	,	ceo	,	microsoft
1	.	texas	governor	george	w.	bush
while	we	ca	n't	make	any	promises	,	we	will	do	our	best	to	bring	in	at	least	some	of	these	special	guests	.
if	you	have	any	contacts	who	could	help	us	get	in	touch	with	these	guest	speakers	,	please	let	us	know	at	ethink@enron.com	.
everybody	needs	a	little	help	now	and	then	,	even	espeak	.
there	were	plenty	of	internal	speakers	requested	,	as	well	.
those	requests	should	be	somewhat	easier	to	meet	,	although	scheduling	time	with	some	of	our	colleagues	can	be	quite	a	task	!
thank	you	all	for	your	participation	.
dale	,
confirmed	.
vince
vince	:
7	am	at	hyatt	regency	downtown	would	be	perfect	.
i	will	see	you	in	the	lobby	at	7	am	.
best	regards	,
dale
dale	,
friday	is	a	bad	day	-lrb-	performance	review	committee	all	day	-rrb-	.
what	about	7:00	at	the	office	or	breakfast	meeting	at	7:00	?
we	can	meet	at	hyatt	regency	downtown	-lrb-	smith	street	-rrb-	.
vince
vince	:
can	we	get	together	friday	morning	july	7	at	800	am	at	your	office	?
that	would	be	particularly	convenient	for	me	.
i	will	have	to	leave	downtown	at	about	945	to	catch	a	plane	.
that	will	ensure	that	i	wo	nt	take	up	too	much	of	your	time	!!
thanks	for	your	efforts	here	,	and	thanks	for	being	patient	with	me	.
dale	nesbitt
fyi
vince	sold	!
i	'll	initiate	the	call	.
ed	,
thursday	works	for	me	.
what	about	10:30	my	time	?
vince
please	respond	to	<	ekrapels@esaibos.com	>
how	about	thursday	,	july	6	?
ed	,
a	correction	.
i	shall	spend	an	entire	day	at	prc	-lrb-	performance	review	-rrb-	on	friday	,	july	7	.
can	we	do	on	another	day
vince
please	respond	to	<	ekrapels@esaibos.com	>
i	'll	still	be	here	in	boston	so	we	'd	do	it	over	the	phone	.
ok	?
ed	,
will	you	be	in	houston	on	that	day	or	we	shall	do	it	over	the	phone	?
vince
please	respond	to	<	ekrapels@esaibos.com	>
vince	,
how	about	a	pre-meeting	web	site	cruise	on	friday	,	july	7	at	11	am	edt	?
ed
ed	,
july	12	,	2:30	it	is	.
i	would	like	the	pre-meeting	site	cruise	.
how	can	we	arrange	it	?
vince
please	respond	to	<	ekrapels@esaibos.com	>
vince	,
we	're	all	set	for	2:30	on	july	12	.
how	about	a	pre-meeting	web	site	cruise	on	friday	,	july	7	at	11	am	edt	?
ed
ed	,
wednesday	,	july	12	,	2:300	will	work	for	me	.
i	shall	be	glad	to	review	your	website	--	www.weathereffects.com	.
i	shall	invite	some	people	who	work	on	electricity	in	my	group	to	join	me	.
vince
please	respond	to	<	ekrapels@esaibos.com	>
vince	,
good	to	hear	from	you	and	i	'm	glad	you	're	available	.
how	is	wednesday	at	2:30	?
i	did	look	at	eol	and	am	not	surprised	to	see	its	quality	.
i	was	unable	to	say	much	about	it	in	my	risk	electricity	hedging	and	trading	report	because	of	deadline	pressures	.
how	is	the	site	doing	?
i	am	intrigued	by	the	competition	for	trading	platforms	and	was	astonished	to	hear	that	goldman	,	morgan	,	bp	and	shell	were	going	to	launch	a	site	to	compete	with	yours	.
talk	about	a	shotgun	marriage	!
if	we	have	time	next	week	,	i	could	step	you	through	our	website	--	www.weathereffects.com	.
i	'm	very	proud	of	what	we	've	done	.
i	ca	n't	give	out	a	password	yet	but	would	be	happy	to	walk	through	the	site	with	you	over	the	phone	using	my	password	.
it	's	a	very	ambitious	site	--	with	state	-	of	-	the	-	art	wsi	weather	-lrb-	seasonal	,	6	-	10	,	and	day	to	day	-rrb-	driving	a	good	load	model	for	pjm	and	nepool	.
esai	contributes	oil	and	gas	input	price	forecasts	,	capacity	judgments	,	and	"	herding	"	ideas	to	develop	power	price	forecasts	for	same	time	periods	.
after	one	month	's	full	-	bore	effort	,	i	'm	pleased	with	the	results	-lrb-	e.g.	,	we	forecast	nepool	onpeak	to	be	$	43	and	it	turned	out	$	46	-rrb-	.
have	a	great	weekend	.
ed
ed	,
i	shall	be	available	on	both	days	.
what	about	wednesday	,	july	12	,	between	1:30	and	4:00	.
please	,	let	me	know	what	time	would	work	for	you	.
it	will	be	nice	to	see	you	again	.
vince
p.s.	by	the	way	,	did	you	have	a	chance	to	take	a	look	at	the	eol	?
please	respond	to	ekrapels@esaibos.com
caroline	abramo@enron
03/02/2001	10:46	am
what	do	you	think	?
joe_lardy@cargill.com	on	03/02/2001	10:39:03	am
currently	cargill	and	enron	have	a	15	mm	collateral	threshold	.
if	possible	,	i	think	the	cleanest	way	to	run	this	biz	would	be	to	put	a	box	around	the	prime	broker	biz	.
we	would	still	operate	under	the	master	isda	but	could	set	up	a	mutually	agreeable	credit	support	annex	for	this	biz	.
we	would	still	keep	the	20,000,000	line	referenced	in	schedule	b	of	the	poa	agreement	.
the	line	in	the	poa	is	a	seperate	and	distinct	measure	from	the	daily	collateral	.
the	20	mill	reflects	gross	exposure	.
let	me	know	if	you	think	this	is	reasonable	and	workable	.
we	too	,	are	open	to	suggestion	as	the	global	and	enron	relationships	are	very	important	and	a	high	priority	to	us	.
thanks
joe
joe	-
a	few	things	regading	the	poa	/	cargill	line	..
i	am	going	to	find	out	how	much	line	we	currently	have	available	...	you	probably	already	have	this	.
we	should	allocate	a	piece	to	global	which	would	solve	the	problem	of	other	cargill	people	using	the	line	,	putting	us	over	the	limit	,	without	me	knowing	...
we	could	change	the	language	of	the	poa	to	this	...
we	will	not	go	over	global	's	piece	of	the	cargill	line	...
i	think	this	would	solve	our	main	concern	...
please	let	me	know	...	we	are	eager	to	keep	trading	with	global	and	yourselves	...
regards	,
caroline
dee	:
let	me	know	if	we	need	to	discuss	anything	.
i	am	hopeful	that	we	are	ready	to	prepare	execution	copies	.
regards	.
sara	shackleton
susan	bailey
02/27/2001	08:23	am
dee	,
attached	for	your	review	is	a	blacklined	version	of	the	:	-lrb-	a	-rrb-	schedule	and	-lrb-	b	-rrb-	paragraph	13	to	the	isda	master	agreement	.
these	have	been	compared	against	the	draft	dated	11/8/2000	,	and	include	ena	's	accepted	changes	per	your	-lrb-	a	-rrb-	faxed	comments	transmitted	to	ena	on	january	5	,	2001	,	and	-lrb-	b	-rrb-	e-mail	comments	transmitted	to	ena	on	january	19th	,	2001	.
we	look	forward	to	your	response	.
cordially	,
susan	s.	bailey
i	do	n't	know	anything	about	these	transactions	.
sara	shackleton
jorge	a	garcia@enron
03/01/2001	01:35	pm
good	afternoon	sara	,
i	wanted	to	follow	up	with	you	regarding	the	creation	and	approval	of	isda	confirmations	for	the	following	equity	trades	that	i	understand	laurel	had	discussed	with	you	previously	.
1	-rrb-	edison	international	-	swap	with	enron	europe	ltd.	-lrb-	2	in	total	-rrb-
2	-rrb-	pg&e	-	swap	with	enron	europe	ltd.	-lrb-	3	in	total	-rrb-
please	advise	.
regards	,
jorge
"	calculation	of	floating	amount	:	the	floating	amount	payable	by	[	ena	]	on	a	payment	date	will	be	calculated	for	that	payment	date	as	follows	:
floating	amount	=	-lrb-	notional	quantity	per	calculation	period	x	floating	price	-rrb-	-	usd	[	38,000	?	]
sara	shackleton
"	other	provisions	:	on	each	payment	date	,	[	ena	]	shall	pay	[	a	fee	of	]	[	an	amount	equal	to	]	usd	{	38,000	?	]	,	which	amount	shall	be	subject	to	the	netting	provisions	of	the	[	master	agreement	-	how	do	you	refer	to	the	agreement	?	]	"
sara	shackleton
sara	shackleton
03/02/2001	02:10	pm
"	calculation	of	floating	amount	:	the	floating	amount	payable	by	[	ena	]	on	a	payment	date	will	be	calculated	for	that	payment	date	as	follows	:
floating	amount	=	-lrb-	notional	quantity	per	calculation	period	x	floating	price	-rrb-	-	usd	[	38,000	?	]
sara	shackleton
what	person	-lrb-	s	-rrb-	in	london	prepares	credit	for	the	english	and	singapore	financial	transactions	?
at	some	point	in	the	not	so	distant	future	,	the	houson	and	london	credit	departments	need	to	speak	in	order	that	each	understands	the	"	philosophy	"	behind	credit	analysis	for	the	omnibus	and	master	transactions	.
i	look	forward	to	hearing	from	you	.
regards	.
sara
ps	congrats	on	your	promotion	!
i	did	n't	have	a	chance	to	speak	with	you	after	the	offsite	to	shake	your	hand	.
hope	you	enjoyed	your	weekend	in	houston	.
looks	fine
sara	shackleton
carlos	alatorre@enron
02/27/2001	06:07	pm
sara	:
we	need	to	change	the	prod	description	fro	the	lme	product	.
the	change	is	mainly	on	the	settlement	date	text	,	which	instead	of	"	...	two	business	days	after	the	date	of	the	transaction	...	"	shall	read	as	follow	:
for	curr	lme	lme	-lrb-	spot	-rrb-	01	mar	01	jpy	/	usd
a	currency	transaction	with	enron	europe	finance	&	trading	limited	-lrb-	"	eeftl	"	-rrb-	as	agent	for	risk	management	&	trading	corp.	under	which	either	-lrb-	a	-rrb-	for	the	case	in	which	counterparty	submits	an	offer	to	buy	from	eeftl	,	counterparty	shall	receive	the	base	currency	amount	and	shall	pay	the	foreign	currency	amount	,	or	-lrb-	b	-rrb-	for	the	case	in	which	counterparty	submits	an	offer	to	sell	to	eeftl	,	counterparty	shall	pay	the	base	currency	amount	and	shall	receive	the	foreign	currency	amount	.
the	base	currency	amount	shall	equal	the	volume	submitted	by	the	counterparty	via	the	website	.
the	foreign	currency	amount	shall	equal	the	base	currency	amount	,	multiplied	by	the	daily	london	metal	exchange	-lrb-	lme	-rrb-	fixing	rate	as	published	by	reuters	on	page	mtle	on	the	date	of	the	transaction	,	modified	by	the	price	submitted	by	the	counterparty	via	the	website	.
the	term	of	the	transaction	shall	correspond	to	the	date	-lrb-	s	-rrb-	set	forth	in	the	product	description	on	the	website	.
the	settlement	date	shall	be	the	date	-lrb-	s	-rrb-	set	forth	in	the	product	description	on	the	website	.
the	price	is	quoted	in	jpy	-lrb-	the	'	foreign	currency	'	-rrb-	per	us	dollar	-lrb-	the	'	base	currency	'	-rrb-	.
the	unit	of	measure	against	which	the	price	is	quoted	shall	be	us	dollars	.
please	let	me	know	your	approval	before	we	make	any	changes	.
thanks
carlos
i	need	to	have	a	form	filled	out	that	says	i	do	n't	have	health	insurance	coverage	through	enron	.
can	you	find	out	who	i	need	to	send	it	to	in	hr	?
thanks	,
kay
your	mom	just	called	and	said	your	dad	's	surgery	will	be	at	2:30	p.m	.
tuesday	,	march	20th	.
they	will	be	there	by	noon	on	the	20th	,	and	the	surgery	will	last	1.5	hours	and	then	they	'll	watch	him	for	2	more	hours	before	they	put	him	into	icu	.
they	are	hoping	he	'll	only	be	in	the	hospital	48	hours	.
scott
term	sheet	for	draft	contract	,	as	requested	.
i	have	a	change	in	plans	next	week	.
my	dad	is	having	surgery	in	ft.	worth	,	so	i	will	be	heading	that	way	on	monday	.
i	was	planning	to	be	on	vacation	anyway	,	but	i	may	have	some	accessibility	challenges	in	ft.	worth	which	i	would	not	have	had	otherwise	.
i	will	manage	client	expectations	accordingly	.
kay
i	hope	you	do	n't	change	your	mind	about	going	to	the	wedding	sunday	.
i	plan	on	taking	michael	to	the	new	star	wars	exhibit	at	the	museum	of	fine	arts	.
they	showed	some	kids	on	tv	,	and	they	were	quite	taken	with	it	.
++++++	confidentiality	notice	+++++
the	information	in	this	email	may	be	confidential	and	/	or	privileged	.
this	email	is	intended	to	be	reviewed	by	only	the	individual	or	organization	named	above	.
if	you	are	not	the	intended	recipient	or	an	authorized	representative	of	the	intended	recipient	,	you	are	hereby	notified	that	any	review	,	dissemination	or	copying	of	this	email	and	its	attachments	,	if	any	,	or	the	information	contained	herein	is	prohibited	.
if	you	have	received	this	email	in	error	,	please	immediately	notify	the	sender	by	return	email	and	delete	this	email	from	your	system	.
thank	you
kay	mann
03/15/2001	04:03	pm
i	have	a	change	in	plans	next	week	.
my	dad	is	having	surgery	in	ft.	worth	,	so	i	will	be	heading	that	way	on	monday	.
i	was	planning	to	be	on	vacation	anyway	,	but	i	may	have	some	accessibility	challenges	in	ft.	worth	which	i	would	not	have	had	otherwise	.
i	will	manage	client	expectations	accordingly	.
kay
i	'm	not	planning	to	get	involved	since	this	is	your	deal	.
is	that	ok	with	you	?
lorie	leigh	@	ect
03/15/2001	04:17	pm
conference	plus	will	be	hosting	this	call	:
the	date	:	thursday	,	march	22nd	,	2001
the	number	:	1-800-991-9019
the	passcode	:	6871082#
the	time	:	10:00	am	-	11:00	am	cst
the	place	:	eb	3143c
the	subject	:	turbine	1	and	turbine	2	purchase	agreement
if	you	have	any	problems	or	questions	,	please	feel	free	to	call	me	at	713-853-1696	.
thank	you	,
lorie	leigh
yes	,	but	this	time	it	is	his	carotid	artery	-	the	one	that	transports	blood	to	the	brain	.
big	deal	kind	a	stuff	.
i	hope	your	dad	's	surgery	goes	well	!
is	this	related	to	the	problems	he	is	having	getting	around	-lrb-	circulatory	?	-rrb-	?
kathleen
kay	mann
03/15/2001	04:11	pm
kay	mann
03/15/2001	04:03	pm
i	have	a	change	in	plans	next	week	.
my	dad	is	having	surgery	in	ft.	worth	,	so	i	will	be	heading	that	way	on	monday	.
i	was	planning	to	be	on	vacation	anyway	,	but	i	may	have	some	accessibility	challenges	in	ft.	worth	which	i	would	not	have	had	otherwise	.
i	will	manage	client	expectations	accordingly	.
kay
for	better	or	worse	,	all	the	folks	under	the	heading	"	origination	"	and	"	development	"	are	ours	,	although	kathleen	has	a	special	role	with	development	.
kay
fyi	-	see	rows	49	-	53	;	columns	e	-	j	for	our	group	.
kathleen
lorie	leigh	@	ect
03/15/2001	04:44	pm
i	received	a	report	from	hr	and	it	appears	there	is	conflicting	information	regarding	some	of	the	titles	for	various	employees	.
please	verify	that	the	titles	are	correct	for	everyone	in	your	group	.
the	ones	that	i	made	changes	to	are	in	red	.
thanks	,
paula	.
i	formatted	the	file	so	that	it	would	print	on	one	legal	size	sheet	.
please	use	this	new	file	as	opposed	to	the	one	i	sent	earlier	.
please	review	the	attached	org	chart	for	march	and	submit	any	changes	by	noon	tomorrow	.
it	is	imperative	that	all	of	the	information	on	the	attached	file	is	accurate	,	including	titles	,	as	this	information	is	being	given	directly	to	john	lavorato	and	louise	kitchen	.
thanks	,
paula	.
here	's	the	version	showing	revisions	.
kay	--
i	finally	got	it	to	blackline	correctly	.
here	it	is	.
also	attached	is	a	sample	availability	provision	-lrb-	actually	2	different	versions	-rrb-	.
-	redvepco.doc
-	sample.doc
lorie	leigh	@	ect
03/15/2001	04:17	pm
conference	plus	will	be	hosting	this	call	:
the	date	:	thursday	,	march	22nd	,	2001
the	number	:	1-800-991-9019
the	passcode	:	6871082#
the	time	:	10:00	am	-	11:00	am	cst
the	place	:	eb	3143c
the	subject	:	turbine	1	and	turbine	2	purchase	agreement
if	you	have	any	problems	or	questions	,	please	feel	free	to	call	me	at	713-853-1696	.
thank	you	,
lorie	leigh	46093
kay	mann
02/13/2001	04:13	pm
good	afternoon	,
i	'm	forwarding	a	revised	development	agreement	term	sheet	,	showing	revisions	from	your	original	version	.
we	look	forward	to	seeing	you	soon	.
thanks	,
kay
peggy	banczak	is	the	ena	lawyer	who	handles	mexico	.
john	schwartzenburg@enron_development
03/16/2001	09:22	am
i	do	not	think	the	prior	e-mail	got	through	to	kay	.
are	either	of	you	familiar	with	this	project	?
we	have	had	no	contact	with	the	ena	/	enron	mexico	commercial	or	legal	people	and	i	do	n't	want	to	bust	any	structuring	goals	.
our	project	manager	-lrb-	scott	laidlaw	-rrb-	and	engineer	-lrb-	harry	okabayashi	-rrb-	want	to	issue	a	tasking	letter	to	procure	engineering	services	on	this	project	to	support	the	ena	work	.
i	now	understand	that	someone	at	ena	/	enron	mexico	/	enron	wholesale	has	signed	an	epc	contract	with	abb	for	this	project	.
i	am	not	in	the	office	today	,	so	please	include	renee	alfaro	on	your	response	.
jwvs
hello	janice	:
i	enjoyed	your	recent	e-mail	but	was	sorry	to	hear	about	your	dad	.
it	sounds	as	though	his	health	has	deteriorated	significantly	.
these	are	always	difficult	times	.
as	i	watched	my	mother	and	father	's	health	deteriorate	and	ultimately	watched	them	die	,	it	is	a	very	defining	time	in	our	lives	.
but	we	can	be	very	thankful	to	have	such	great	parents	and	to	have	had	the	privilege	to	have	been	raised	in	such	loving	homes	.
sounds	as	though	eric	has	done	very	well	as	smsu	.
he	is	joining	an	excellent	company	.
i	am	also	delighted	to	hear	that	he	will	continue	his	education	working	toward	an	mba	.
as	we	are	living	in	an	age	where	intellectual	capital	is	so	valuable	,	it	is	important	for	every	young	person	to	obtain	the	very	best	possible	education	they	can	.
as	to	our	family	,	within	the	last	ten	days	our	youngest	daughter	elizabeth	was	married	to	a	young	man	from	buenos	aires	,	argentina	.
they	met	while	they	were	both	working	on	a	project	as	lawyers	in	buenos	aires	.
they	're	currently	on	their	honeymoon	but	shortly	after	returning	will	be	moving	from	buenos	aires	to	miami	,	florida	.
this	past	thursday	night	our	sixth	grandchild	was	born	.
it	was	born	to	our	son	david	and	his	wife	courtney	.
it	was	a	7	lb.	,	10	oz.	,	20	inch	little	boy	.
so	we	now	have	three	grandsons	and	three	granddaughters	ranging	from	about	2	years	-	4	months	down	to	a	few	days	.
they	are	a	great	deal	of	fun	.
we	are	doing	quite	well	.
i	am	looking	forward	to	seeing	ginger	"	rees	"	copeland	when	she	comes	to	houston	.
i	would	be	delighted	to	arrange	tickets	for	you	and	your	family	should	you	ever	have	occasion	to	visit	houston	.
i	hope	you	have	a	great	summer	.
thank	you	for	your	recent	request	for	mr.	lay	to	speak	at	your	conference	.
unfortunately	,	do	to	mr.	lay	's	schedule	he	will	not	be	able	to	participate	.
thank	you	again	,
tori	l.	wells	executive	secretary
hi	-
just	to	let	you	know	that	it	looks	like	one	day	will	work	.
i	want	to	check	with	mr.	lay	before	confirming	.
thanks	.
rosalee
dear	ken	,
as	you	know	,	our	next	meeting	is	on	wednesday	,	july	12	from	3:00	-	5:30	p.m	.
in	the	next	week	or	so	,	we	'll	be	sending	around	a	discussion	paper	which	we	hope	crystallizes	the	issues	,	and	we	will	try	to	talk	to	as	many	of	you	as	possible	before	the	meeting	to	go	through	it	.
meanwhile	,	arthur	levitt	has	agreed	to	meet	with	us	in	september	to	brainstorm	on	the	ideas	we	've	generated	and	also	to	give	us	a	sense	of	some	of	the	issues	as	he	sees	them	.
there	are	three	possible	dates	for	the	meeting	,	which	i	suggest	be	in	two	parts	--	first	,	a	meeting	among	the	panel	only	from	5:00	-	6:30	p.m.	,	and	then	a	dinner	with	chairman	levitt	from	6:30	-	8:30	p.m	.
here	are	the	dates	:
could	you	please	let	us	know	which	of	these	would	be	possible	for	you	:
___________	thursday	,	september	14	5:00	-	8:30	pm
___________	monday	,	september	25	5:00	-	8:30	pm
___________	wednesday	,	september	27	5:00	-	8:30	pm
many	thanks	,
jeff	garten
good	morning	,	kitty	-
ken	lay	would	like	to	have	the	armada	m306	series	-	"	the	first	ultra	portable	notebook	designed	for	the	enterprise	"	.
ken	said	to	go	ahead	and	equip	it	with	what	you	think	it	should	have	.
please	let	me	know	when	he	can	expect	to	receive	it	.
thanks	,	kitty	.
rosalee
here	is	the	link	to	the	latest	commercial	laptops	on	the	market	,	i	will	follow	up	with	the	consumer	models	.
the	m300	series	are	the	lightest	and	the	e500's	are	the	all	in	one	but	much	heavier	.
http://www.compaq.com/products/notebooks/index.html
<<	compaq.com	-	notebook.url	>>
-	compaq.com	-	notebook.url
unfortunately	,	mr.	lay	will	be	in	san	jose	,	ca	participating	in	a	conference	,	where	he	is	a	speaker	,	on	june	14	.
rosalee	fleming
re	:	???
june	14	reception
recently	charles	miller	and	david	dewhurst	sent	you	an	invitation	to	a	reception	which	they	are	hosting	on	wed.	6/14	at	5:00	pm	to	be	held	at	the	houston	petroleum	club	.
i	hope	that	you	will	be	able	to	attend	that	event	.
under	the	leadership	of	governor	bush	and	others	we	have	made	real	progress	in	education	in	texas	over	the	past	decade	.?
now	it	is	time	to	take	the	next	steps	and	achieve	even	greater	progress	in	our	public	education	system	.
the	texas	education	reform	caucus	is	made	up	of	business	leaders	,	educators	,	and	elected	officials	dedicated	to	finding	common	sense	approaches	to	improving	education	in	texas	.
i	would	appreciate	the	opportunity	to	visit	with	you	on	the	14th	.
kent	grusendorf
state	representative	district	94
?
this	is	o.k.	for	ken	lay	,	but	we	are	changing	to	a	more	uniform	address	,	so	would	likely	be	better	to	use	kenneth.lay@enron.com	.
this	is	a	"	test	email	send	"	of	the	wpo	forum	group	from	richard	everett	.
by	return	email	,	please	verify	that	you	received	this	message	and	let	us	know	if	there	is	another	email	address	that	you	prefer	us	to	use	.
thank	you	.
joy	powell	executive	assistant	to	richard	everett	713/871-5119
===================================================
note	:	the	information	in	this	email	is	confidential	and	may	be	legally	privileged	.
if	you	are	not	the	intended	recipient	,	you	must	not	read	,	use	or	disseminate	the	information	.
although	this	email	and	any	attachments	are	believed	to	be	free	of	any	virus	or	other	defect	that	might	affect	any	computer	system	into	which	it	is	received	and	opened	,	it	is	the	responsibility	of	the	recipient	to	ensure	that	it	is	virus	free	and	no	responsibility	is	accepted	by	century	development	or	any	of	its	affiliates	for	any	loss	or	damage	arising	in	any	way	from	its	use	.
====================================================
kenneth	lay	has	approved	the	attached	expense	report	for	cindy	olson	.
hi	mr.	katsof	-
i	believe	someone	called	about	this	today	,	but	mr.	lay	asked	me	to	let	you	know	that	these	dates	do	n't	work	for	him	,	either	.
sorry	.
rosalee
let	me	know	if	you	have	any	interest	in	the	tco	-	pool	leach	swap	for	the	winter	.
i	'll	take	tco	pool	at	index	and	sale	leach	or	pool	at	index	-	$	.04	.
i	ca	n't	remember	if	you	guys	could	do	it	or	not	.
could	you	tell	me	what	deal	tickets	you	are	seeing	?
please	check	tenn	contract	36647	on	the	demand	speadsheet	.
sitara	is	n't	matching	the	spreadsheet	.
thanks	,
brenda
pasquallie	,
-	5	for	spelling	,
w.	don	germany	,	jr	po	box	27	cedar	lane	,	texas	77415-0027
actually	it	is	not	a	new	truck	.
had	33,000	miles	,	ram	2500	3	/	4	ton	,	4	x	4	,	360	magnum	motor	.
infinity	stereo	,	bucket	seats	,	nerf	bars	,	tool	box	,	bed	liner	,	camper	tow	package	,	5	speed	manual	.
oh	,	it	is	dueled	out	through	one	catalytic	converter	with	flow	masters	to	accent	the	sound	.
makes	me	want	to	race	!!!
i	believe	the	fuel	consumption	will	be	tolerable	as	well	.
now	,	debbie	wants	it	.
i	gave	$	16,900	+	tax	.
it	is	very	clean	and	is	sandalwood	,	driftwood	or	something	of	that	nature	in	color	.
almost	silver	.
i	have	to	pick	up	old	gray	over	at	jerry	's	.
debbie	said	,	it	is	going	to	be	hard	on	me	to	sale	my	old	dodge	truck	.
i	said	yep	,	had	that	truck	longer	than	i	have	had	most	of	my	women	.
i	really	need	to	engage	brain	before	articulating	!
i	am	doing	dirt	work	and	hope	to	plant	st	augustine	grass	by	friday	before	rain	.
one	thing	is	for	sure	,	the	economy	is	not	faltering	on	my	account	.
dow	stock	is	back	up	over	$	33	.
hooray	,	hoorah	!
needs	to	go	to	$	41	and	then	i	will	be	happy	.
i	spoke	with	gerald	and	he	said	there	are	a	bunch	of	folks	hanging	around	dad	's	place	.
we	need	to	change	the	lock	and	place	posted	signs	at	the	gate	.
i	may	want	to	put	some	steers	or	heifers	up	there	.
i	am	going	up	soon	and	having	the	tractor	fixed	.
reggie	said	he	will	pay	us	soon	.
he	also	still	wants	the	tractor	if	we	can	hold	on	to	it	.
first	come	,	first	serve	.
when	is	the	wedding	?
we	're	set	for	11/01/01	.
be	sure	to	take	your	sweety	out	on	the	balcony	tonight	and	gaze	at	the	full	moon	.
it	was	sure	beautiful	coming	up	last	night	.
we	used	to	go	out	and	lay	in	the	pasture	on	a	blanket	and	watch	for	the	space	shuttle	.
i	had	a	couple	of	hickies	on	my	neck	the	day	after	and	the	guys	all	wanted	to	know	if	those	were	shuttle	burns	.
just	jealous	.
my	kid	is	making	wonderful	grades	and	has	reassured	me	she	will	graduate	within	the	four	year	period	.
she	still	has	some	sort	of	scholarship	but	i	am	not	for	sure	how	much	it	pays	.
she	is	going	to	be	a	kinesiologist	,	sports	injury	therapist	.
i	think	she	just	wants	to	be	able	to	touch	football	players	legs	.
she	will	be	20	on	11/03	.
i	am	really	proud	of	her	.
cindy	said	jaime	has	grown	up	very	much	.
you	should	e	mail	her	sometimes	.
i	am	sure	she	would	like	to	hear	from	you	.
jgerma5@aol.com	.
at	any	rate	,	be	careful	and	be	safe	.
you	should	have	listened	to	maw	,	as	long	as	you	keep	your	mouth	shut	and	your	pants	zipped	,	you	will	be	alright	.
shucks	,	guess	none	of	us	three	paid	much	attention	to	that	.
oh	,	jeff	sherrar	has	a	new	book	out	.
rise	to	rebellion	.
there	were	some	pretty	cool	dudes	back	around	1774	/	76	.
there	will	be	two	volumes	to	this	saga	.
i	am	half	way	through	the	first	and	you	can	borrow	it	when	i	am	through	.
i	sure	like	his	style	of	writing	.
his	books	are	always	hard	to	put	down	.
after	the	split	dow	stock	there	are	120	shares	.
keep	your	powder	dry	!
yo	,
bro
dow
w.	don	germany	,	jr.	2301	n	brazosport	blvd	b	3611	,	investment	recovery	freeport	,	texas	77541	pager	1	800	451	0491	-lrb-	0448	-rrb-	office	979	238	2102	home	979	548	7034
what	's	happening	?
i	understand	you	have	a	brand	new	truck	.
must	be	nice	having	money	!!
i	need	2	things	from	you	.
1	.	i	found	the	title	to	the	4	wheeler	and	i	was	going	to	change	it	over	to	you	name	.
what	do	you	think	?
if	that	's	ok	,	how	do	you	want	your	name	to	show	up	on	the	title	and	what	address	should	i	use	?
2	.	i	'm	getting	ready	to	divy	up	the	dow	stock	.
how	many	of	dad	's	shares	do	you	have	?
last	thing	,	send	me	a	million	dollars	,	i	'm	tired	of	working	.
i	thought	we	only	had	cashout	,	at	most	3	times	,	before	this	june	.
i	ca	n't	remember	.
i	do	know	that	most	of	the	time	this	plant	was	not	buring	like	it	did	in	july	and	august	of	this	year	.
i	say	we	just	keep	the	dough	and	go	to	mexico	.
hey	guys	,
would	you	please	ck	the	oglethorpe	deal	from	july	2000	-	dec	2000	?
is	there	supposed	to	be	a	cashout	booked	in	sitara	for	these	months	?
oglethorpe	over	paid	their	invoice	every	month	.
i	believe	that	doug	told	me	the	extra	was	for	the	cashout	that	was	not	invoiced	.
thanks
darla
i	ca	n't	get	through	on	the	phones	.
please	call	me	713-853-4743
hey	ernie	.
i	'm	checking	my	emails	.
i	assume	you	have	your	anwser	and	do	n't	need	me	.
hi	chris	,
i	sent	this	to	mary	last	week	.
she	may	be	out	because	in	the	past	she	always	responds	pretty	quick	.
i	need	the	prices	below	.
can	you	help	out	?
thanks	,
ernie	simien
08/01/2001	09:14	am
sent	by	:	ernie	simien
hi	mary	,
i	need	your	help	again	.
i	need	prices	for	may	,	june	,	and	july	.
thanks	,
mary.ellenberger@enron.com	on	05/03/2001	04:06:52	pm
please	respond	to	mary.ellenberger@enron.com
cc	:
subject	:	re	:	if	tgpl	la	z1
jan	9.95	feb	6.25	mar	4.98	april	5.37
esimien@nisource.com	on	05/03/2001	01:32:35	pm
hi	mary	,
please	do	me	a	favour	and	give	me	the	subject	price	for	jan	,	feb	,	mar	and	apr	2001	.
thanks	,
gregg	penman
10/23/2000	12:12	pm
kay	-
can	you	please	review	this	additional	language	to	the	risk	management	policy	-lrb-	or	circulate	to	jeff	hodge	-rrb-	?
in	light	of	the	ca	regarding	curves	,	i	am	slightly	concerned	with	a	blanket	statement	essentially	giving	peoples	unlimited	access	to	information	.
i	know	that	we	address	audit	rights	in	the	llc	agreement	so	this	may	not	matter	anyway	if	this	is	a	right	they	already	have	.
let	me	know	what	you	think	.
thanks	,
gregg
m.nordstrom@pecorp.com
10/20/2000	11:32	am
attached	please	find	the	latest	enovate	risk	policy	.
our	attorneys	and	internal	audit	area	have	made	one	language	revision	concerning	section	xiii	audit	rights	.
mary	<<	meh-risk	oct	20	>>
-	meh-risk	oct	20.doc
i	'm	still	at	home	.
i	'll	be	in	tomorrow	.
i	have	a	fax	machine	at	home	,	though	,	if	you	prefer	.
otherwise	,	we	can	see	who	we	can	scare	up	at	the	office	,	or	you	can	have	laura	sign	and	i	'll	initial	later	.
which	do	you	prefer	?
kay
are	you	in	the	office	to	initial	signature	pages	today	?
if	not	,	is	there	someone	else	that	will	?
i	know	that	jeff	is	in	portland	.
gregg
kay	mann
10/26/2000	11:07	am
if	jeff	is	happy	,	i	'm	happy	.
kay
hello	-
i	spoke	with	jeff	hodge	yesterday	regarding	the	additional	language	from	peoples	regarding	audit	rights	.
his	initial	reaction	was	that	their	request	was	probably	reasonable	and	in	line	with	the	spirit	of	a	jointly	owned	l.l.c	.
however	,	he	did	suggest	a	couple	slight	revisions	to	protect	enron	's	interests	.
1	-rrb-	highlighting	that	information	will	only	be	provided	that	is	related	to	enovate	and	2	-rrb-	that	each	designated	representative	should	sign	an	appropriate	confidentiality	agreement	.
this	language	has	been	included	in	the	attached	draft	.
my	goal	,	however	optimistic	,	is	to	execute	the	risk	policy	by	the	end	of	today	.
activity	is	picking	up	dramatically	and	the	fine	line	is	getting	further	blurred	each	passing	day	.
therefore	,	i	need	to	know	asap	if	there	are	any	problems	with	the	draft	as	written	.
otherwise	,	i	will	be	sending	it	to	peoples	as	our	final	revision	by	mid	morning	.
thanks	for	your	prompt	attention	to	this	.
thanks	,
gregg
gregg	penman
10/23/2000	12:12	pm
kay	-
can	you	please	review	this	additional	language	to	the	risk	management	policy	-lrb-	or	circulate	to	jeff	hodge	-rrb-	?
in	light	of	the	ca	regarding	curves	,	i	am	slightly	concerned	with	a	blanket	statement	essentially	giving	peoples	unlimited	access	to	information	.
i	know	that	we	address	audit	rights	in	the	llc	agreement	so	this	may	not	matter	anyway	if	this	is	a	right	they	already	have	.
let	me	know	what	you	think	.
thanks	,
gregg
m.nordstrom@pecorp.com
10/20/2000	11:32	am
attached	please	find	the	latest	enovate	risk	policy	.
our	attorneys	and	internal	audit	area	have	made	one	language	revision	concerning	section	xiii	audit	rights	.
mary
<<	meh-risk	oct	20	>>
-	meh-risk	oct	20.doc
it	is	less	complicated	for	me	to	initial	and	fax	than	to	track	down	someone	who	does	n't	know	anything	about	it	and	get	them	to	initial	it	.
i	can	print	it	here	,	initial	it	,	and	fax	it	to	whomever	you	want	.
plus	,	i	work	with	janet	a	lot	so	she	may	get	some	comfort	from	that	,	instead	of	having	a	lawyer	she	has	n't	dealt	with	initial	it	.
she	is	very	conscientious	about	what	she	signs	,	and	who	initials	what	.
is	the	attached	form	the	final	final	form	?
where	and	to	whom	do	you	want	it	faxed	?
thanks	,
kay
since	it	will	be	janet	signing	,	it	will	probably	be	better	to	have	the	initials	on	the	pages	first	.
either	fax	or	someone	else	works	fine	.
let	me	know	which	is	easier	and	we	can	coordinate	.
gregg
kay	mann
10/26/2000	11:26	am
i	'm	still	at	home	.
i	'll	be	in	tomorrow	.
i	have	a	fax	machine	at	home	,	though	,	if	you	prefer	.
otherwise	,	we	can	see	who	we	can	scare	up	at	the	office	,	or	you	can	have	laura	sign	and	i	'll	initial	later	.
which	do	you	prefer	?
kay
are	you	in	the	office	to	initial	signature	pages	today	?
if	not	,	is	there	someone	else	that	will	?
i	know	that	jeff	is	in	portland	.
gregg
kay	mann
10/26/2000	11:07	am
if	jeff	is	happy	,	i	'm	happy	.
kay
hello	-
i	spoke	with	jeff	hodge	yesterday	regarding	the	additional	language	from	peoples	regarding	audit	rights	.
his	initial	reaction	was	that	their	request	was	probably	reasonable	and	in	line	with	the	spirit	of	a	jointly	owned	l.l.c	.
however	,	he	did	suggest	a	couple	slight	revisions	to	protect	enron	's	interests	.
1	-rrb-	highlighting	that	information	will	only	be	provided	that	is	related	to	enovate	and	2	-rrb-	that	each	designated	representative	should	sign	an	appropriate	confidentiality	agreement	.
this	language	has	been	included	in	the	attached	draft	.
my	goal	,	however	optimistic	,	is	to	execute	the	risk	policy	by	the	end	of	today	.
activity	is	picking	up	dramatically	and	the	fine	line	is	getting	further	blurred	each	passing	day	.
therefore	,	i	need	to	know	asap	if	there	are	any	problems	with	the	draft	as	written	.
otherwise	,	i	will	be	sending	it	to	peoples	as	our	final	revision	by	mid	morning	.
thanks	for	your	prompt	attention	to	this	.
thanks	,
gregg
gregg	penman
10/23/2000	12:12	pm
kay	-
can	you	please	review	this	additional	language	to	the	risk	management	policy	-lrb-	or	circulate	to	jeff	hodge	-rrb-	?
in	light	of	the	ca	regarding	curves	,	i	am	slightly	concerned	with	a	blanket	statement	essentially	giving	peoples	unlimited	access	to	information	.
i	know	that	we	address	audit	rights	in	the	llc	agreement	so	this	may	not	matter	anyway	if	this	is	a	right	they	already	have	.
let	me	know	what	you	think	.
thanks	,
gregg
m.nordstrom@pecorp.com
10/20/2000	11:32	am
attached	please	find	the	latest	enovate	risk	policy	.
our	attorneys	and	internal	audit	area	have	made	one	language	revision	concerning	section	xiii	audit	rights	.
mary
<<	meh-risk	oct	20	>>
-	meh-risk	oct	20.doc
i	'm	working	on	it	now	.
maybe	we	-lrb-	enron	-rrb-	could	review	it	tomorrow	morning	,	then	send	it	to	fce	.
i	can	meet	around	10:00	.
that	way	,	we	can	get	it	to	them	in	time	for	weekend	review	.
does	that	work	?
kay
it	was	good	to	hear	from	you	!
we	had	a	nice	thanksgiving	here	too	.
it	's	funny	,	because	usually	it	's	just	me	,	mom	,	craig	and	danelia	,	and	danelia	does	n't	really	like	roasted	turkey	or	roast	beef	-lrb-	not	that	she	would	say	it	to	me	!	-rrb-	,	so	there	is	not	just	the	same	joy	in	cooking	it	would	be	elsewise	.
it	was	good	having	the	girls	down	.
we	played	a	new	version	of	uno	called	"	african	uno	"	that	was	complex	,	fast	and	at	times	,	physically	challenging	.
it	's	not	for	the	meek	.
it	was	incredible	what	a	good	player	alena	was	.
she	had	her	cards	memorized	as	well	as	everyone	else	s	-lrb-	when	you	play	you	'll	see	why	you	can	know	everyone	else	s	hands	!	-rrb-	.
i	expect	craig	did	n't	want	mom	to	see	his	place	because	it	was	messy	.
i	think	compared	to	my	house	,	he	's	embarrased	about	his	apartment	.
then	,	also	,	he	's	got	so	much	stuff	in	there	right	now	,	that	i	do	n't	know	how	he	's	going	to	fit	baby	stuff	.
they	would	only	give	him	a	6	month	lease	when	he	renewed	his	lease	last	month	because	they	do	n't	want	3	people	in	that	small	apartment	.
so	he	's	going	to	have	to	start	looking	for	another	place	.
and	his	apartment	is	so	run	down	down	i	'm	afraid	roaches	might	be	crawling	over	the	baby	.
i	guess	mom	is	going	to	come	back	down	sometime	in	march	or	april	to	see	the	new	baby	.
you	'll	have	to	come	visit	to	check	out	my	new	house	.
the	upstairs	"	guest	suite	"	is	pretty	neat	.
it	's	got	its	own	bathroom	and	tv	,	and	is	pretty	cozy	.
as	far	as	the	call	with	uncle	ben	goes	,	if	he	was	thrilled	to	hear	from	me	i	could	n't	tell	by	his	voice	.
it	was	a	pretty	stilted	conversation	for	both	of	us	.
but	,	i	guess	,	it	's	a	start	...
i	've	already	made	my	xmas	plans	.
i	leave	the	evening	of	the	21st	,	my	flight	comes	in	about	10	pm	,	and	leave	the	morning	of	the	27th	at	6	am	.
it	's	good	chatting	with	you	.
keep	in	touch	!
kyle.jones@radianz.com
11/29/2000	05:07	pm
tana	,
i	do	n't	understand	,	what	do	you	mean	by	"	log	in	an	email	"	?
anyway	,	i	got	you	message	,	and	i	got	the	world	series	thing	-lrb-	although	i	had	already	received
chris	and	ben	did	a	marvelous	job	for	thanksgiving	,	i	can	testify	that	it	was	one	of	the	best	thanksgiv8ing	dinners	i	've	ever	had	-lrb-	i	not	gon	na	tell	them	that	,	i	do	n't	want	them	getting	swell	heads	-rrb-	.
ma	said	she	had	a	great	time	in	houston	,	she	was	happy	to	see	yourself	,	as	well	as	c	&	d	.
i	think	she	likes	her	special	room	in	your	house	.
you	r	gon	na	be	the	first	to	see	the	new	baby	-lrb-	woud	n't	it	be	wierd	if	the	baby	gets	botn	on	jan	5th	?	-rrb-
why	did	n't	craig	show	ma	his	appartment	?
what	do	you	think	about	your	phone	ocnversation	with	unlce	ben	-lrb-	he	was	almost	shocked	-rrb-	?
are	you	coming	for	xmas	?
got	ta	go	for	now	.
love	ya	.
kyle
====================================================
-lrb-	harrison	-rrb-	kyle	jones	technical	solutions	engineer
====================================================
radianz	1251	avenue	of	the	americas	7th	floor	new	york	,	ny	10016	usa	phone	:	+1	-lrb-	212	-rrb-	899-4425	fax	:	+1	-lrb-	212	-rrb-	899-4310	cell	:	+1	-lrb-	917	-rrb-	859-7187	email	:	kyle.jones@radianz.com
====================================================
see	our	web	page	at	"	http://www.radianz.com
====================================================
|--------+----------------------->	|	|	tana.jones@en	|	|	|	ron.com	|	|	|	|	|	|	11/29/2000	|	|	|	04:34	pm	|	|	|	|	|--------+----------------------->
>----------------------------------------------------------------------------|	|	|	>----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
hey	,	mr.	computer	,	you	ca	n't	log	an	email	in	to	your	sister	?!
kyle.jones@ra
return	receipt
your	world	series	in	question	document	:	was	received	kyle	jones	/	us	/	americas	/	equant	by	:	at	:	01:00:51	pm	today
you	can	take	my	assistant	taffy	milligan	off	these	emails	again	.
thanks	!
adnan	patel@enron
11/29/2000	04:49	pm
attached	are	the	gcp	signoffs	on	eol	approvals	for	11/29/00	with	gcp	responses	marked	in	red	.
adnan	patel
bradley	diebner@ect
11/29/2000	04:31	pm
regards	,
bd
attached	is	the	referenced	agreement	.
let	me	know	if	the	notice	information	is	ok	with	you	.
if	so	,	i	'll	get	it	signed	by	craig	breslau	today	,	then	bring	it	to	you	for	countersignature	.
thinking	about	that	,	what	's	your	title	?
i	'm	not	sure	you	have	the	authority	to	sign	documents	w/o	special	authority	...
no	,	it	does	not	mean	that	.
adding	all	the	enron	"	specified	entities	"	would	only	make	a	default	under	a	financial	transaction	with	those	other	enron	entities	a	default	under	this	agreement	.
our	concern	is	that	we	do	n't	want	any	trading	related	defaults	to	ever	trigger	a	default	under	a	loan	transaction	which	has	a	swap	as	a	component	.
richard	sage
11/30/2000	10:52	am
if	you	do	add	all	the	entities	,	does	that	mean	that	we	would	not	need	to	put	in	place	a	separate	agreement	for	eccl	?
with	respect	to	deutsche	bank	-lrb-	""	db	"	-rrb-	,	we	have	one	credit	issue	remaining	,	db	would	like	us	to	add	all	the	enron	trading	entities	db	trades	with	as	specified	entities	under	the	isda	master	agreement	and	we	are	somewhat	hesitant	to	do	so	,	as	this	could	potentially	roll	up	swaps	under	structured	loan	transactions	into	a	default	under	the	isda	agreement	.
sara	and	bill	bradford	in	credit	are	supposed	to	talk	to	the	db	credit	people	about	this	remaining	issue	.
with	respect	to	first	union	national	bank	,	the	draft	we	were	working	from	was	so	old	that	they	agreed	to	look	at	our	current	form	of	agreement	which	was	sent	to	them	on	11/8/00	for	review	.
sara	is	working	on	that	with	susan	bailey	,	another	paralegal	in	our	group	.
denis	o'connell
11/22/2000	06:05	am
tana	-
can	you	please	give	me	an	update	on	where	you	are	in	the	negotiations	of	the	isda	with	the	following	counterparties	and	confirm	which	enron	entity	you	are	negotiating	on	behalf	of	.
tks	,
denis
first	union	national	bank
deutsched	bank	ag
i	spoke	to	mark	taylor	about	your	signing	authority	,	and	he	agrees	that	you	do	not	have	the	authority	to	execute	documents	on	your	own	,	but	as	long	as	you	are	only	co-signing	documents	signed	by	an	authorized	officer	as	a	control	measure	we	're	ok	.
susan	,	joe	,
the	referenced	tagg	#	was	entered	as	a	'	new	counterparty	'	,	can	you	please	let	me	know	what	counterparty	this	is	so	we	can	correctly	assess	the	counterparty	exposure	.
thank	you	,
russell
hey	there	yourself	,
sorry	i	have	n't	written	you	guys	in	a	while	to	keep	you	properly	updated	.
i	am	indeed	checking	on	flights	to	seoul	and	do	n't	think	i	'm	going	to	go	at	exactly	the	same	time	as	my	parents	.
as	much	fun	as	they	are	,	i	figured	we	would	probably	do	some	different	things	than	what	you	have	planned	for	them	.
as	for	ted	,	things	are	still	going	well	although	i	have	n't	see	him	at	all	this	week	-lrb-	we	are	two	very	busy	people	-rrb-	.
but	,	we	had	a	great	laid	back	day	last	saturday	and	i	think	have	hit	that	comfortable	stage	...	you	know	,	not	quite	so	formal	about	dates	etc	.
in	one	sense	it	's	great	,	but	it	also	makes	things	a	lot	harder	to	read	.
anyway	,	i	'm	sure	my	mom	told	you	guys	but	travis	and	kathy	got	to	meet	him	and	i	think	it	went	well	.
hopefully	,	if	we	're	still	dating	come	december	,	you	and	chuck	can	meet	him	when	you	come	back	to	visit	.
i	'm	planning	on	dragging	him	to	at	least	one	of	the	u.t.	games	,	i	just	have	to	find	out	when	he	wants	to	go	-lrb-	as	well	as	properly	prepare	him	for	the	scott	/	kelley	/	parks	/	wild	card	gang	and	the	full	-	day	affair	that	is	a	u.t.	game	-rrb-	.
things	in	houston	are	good	and	definitely	warm	.
i	went	with	emily	and	her	mom	last	night	to	see	the	musical	"	rent	"	and	it	was	wonderful	.
also	,	i	'm	going	out	to	san	diego	for	the	labor	day	weekend	to	visit	hoot	's	daughter	julie	.
needless	to	say	i	am	very	excited	.
talk	to	you	guys	soon	,
susan
hey	girlie	,
how	are	you	doing	?
have	n't	heard	from	you	in	a	while	.
a	little	birdie	told	me	that	you	were	checking	into	tickets	for	seoul	.
are	you	really	?
would	you	come	with	your	parents	or	separately	?
in	any	case	,	we	have	had	some	more	time	to	do	some	exploring	-lrb-	and	shopping	-rrb-	,	so	we	have	some	good	ideas	about	what	to	do	if	you	come	.
i	think	that	we	will	stay	in	korea	when	your	parents	come	and	do	the	whole	base	thing	-lrb-	which	will	take	only	a	few	minutes	,	actually	-rrb-	,	but	are	considering	going	to	china	or	somewhere	during	part	of	thanksgiving	.
we	'll	do	whatever	you	want	want	if	you	still	are	coming	!
let	us	know	the	latest	with	ted	and	also	with	what	's	going	on	in	houston	.
take	care	,
chris
__________________________________________________
do	you	yahoo!	?
send	instant	messages	&	get	email	alerts	with	yahoo!	messenger	.
http://im.yahoo.com/
hey	tonto	-lrb-	a.k.a	-	the	trusty	,	but	silent	,	side	-	kick	to	the	lone	ranger	or	in	this	case	the	big	d	-rrb-
the	play	was	very	good	and	i	think	well	received	.
i	'd	forgotten	how	blown	away	i	was	by	some	of	the	songs	the	first	time	i	saw	it	in	ny	.
the	cast	members	really	have	to	have	incredibly	powerful	voices	to	pull	off	a	few	of	the	most	poignant	numbers	-lrb-	i	think	this	could	be	your	true	calling	-rrb-	.
i	caught	the	third	day	of	corey	's	jeopardy	run	last	night	here	at	the	office	-lrb-	yes	,	i	had	to	come	back	after	the	play	...	i	love	my	job	!	-rrb-	.
anyway	,	i	'm	sure	i	'd	mentioned	it	before	but	yes	she	is	a	very	smart	girl	.
as	a	result	of	that	,	she	has	managed	on	several	occasions	over	the	years	to	detract	from	my	enjoyment	of	playing	trivial	pursuit	or	watching	jeopardy	by	absolutely	obliterating	me	-lrb-	the	girl	actually	did	her	senior	thesis	on	trivia	-rrb-	.
kori	told	me	she	saw	you	last	night	at	steak	night	and	introduced	herself	since	i	failed	to	do	so	the	last	time	we	went	.
i	should	let	you	know	though	that	she	was	very	offended	this	morning	that	you	did	n't	spell	her	name	right	in	the	email	-	i	mean	it	's	such	a	common	spelling	.
so	was	darren	there	last	night	to	meet	her	or	do	you	just	think	they	'd	make	a	good	match	?
she	's	a	very	fun	girl	.
hope	you	day	is	going	well	and	that	the	move	to	30	went	off	without	a	hitch	.
good	luck	with	all	of	the	"	fun	"	meetings	.
shorty
--	due	to	the	lack	of	response	yesterday	,	i	'm	beginning	to	worry	about	your	success	with	the	road	test	...
i	'm	going	to	assume	that	you	did	n't	get	around	to	it	.
ted	noble
08/17/2000	10:05	am
how	was	the	play	?
i	forgot	to	tell	you	that	i	saw	your	friend	on	a	re-run	jeopardy	the	other	night	and	i	almost	called	you	but	it	came	on	at	11:30	.
smart	girl	.
i	ran	into	corey	last	night	at	lw	s	and	i	am	thinking	this	is	a	girl	for	darren	.
anyway	,	lots	of	fun	meetings	today	.
i	'll	talk	to	you	later	.
maybe	you	should	ignore	the	sentiment	of	the	quote	i	sent	earlier	...
i	think	you	may	be	adhering	to	it	too	faithfully	.
at	this	rate	we	may	have	to	start	pinning	notes	to	your	shirt	to	remind	you	to	do	things	.
however	,	having	driven	with	you	on	several	occasions	i	feel	confident	you	will	be	able	to	pass	the	test	with	flying	colors	.
keep	in	mind	though	that	if	you	end	up	failing	i	will	not	let	you	forget	it	-lrb-	and	,	as	we	have	established	,	i	have	the	memory	of	an	elephant	-rrb-	.
i	'll	keep	discussion	of	me	to	a	minimum	and	just	say	that	things	are	well	on	32	.
now	back	to	what	's	really	important	...	you	.
thought	you	'd	like	to	know	that	the	dixie	chicks	are	coming	back	to	houston	dec.	12	and	will	performing	just	down	the	street	from	you	at	the	compaq	center	...	it	's	all	about	you	and	your	needs	.
ted	noble
08/16/2000	10:56	am
aaaaaggghhhhhh	...
i	just	found	out	that	i	need	to	take	the	tx	driver	s	exam	both	written	and	on	the	rode	.
this	is	a	two	day	process	and	all	because	i	let	my	ca	license	expire	.
i	know	i	need	some	of	your	organizational	skills	.
i	may	try	to	run	out	and	take	the	test	this	afternoon	while	i	get	moved	to	30	-lrb-	i	better	not	fail	it	-rrb-	.
how	's	life	on	32	today	--	well	that	's	enough	about	you	let	's	talk	more	about	me	.
there	is	no	pleasure	in	having	nothing	to	do	;	the	fun	is	in	having	lots	to	do	and	not	doing	it	.
-	mary	little
bob	bowen
07/14/2000	03:58	pm
note	that	the	no	"	out	"	version	requires	us	to	pay	the	premium	on	tuesday	!
gilbergd@sullcrom.com
07/14/2000	02:18	pm
as	we	discussed	,	the	following	is	revised	disclosure	regarding	direct	access	to	deal	with	the	cost	issue	:
enrononline	will	assist	users	,	upon	request	,	in	arranging	for	the	connection	of	"	t1	"	lines	or	other	means	of	direct	access	to	enrononline	,	as	an	alternative	to	internet	access	.
direct	access	connections	might	enable	users	to	access	enrononline	more	quickly	than	is	currently	possible	through	internet	access	.
please	call	if	you	want	to	discuss	.
have	a	good	weekend	.
this	e-mail	is	sent	by	a	law	firm	and	contains	information	that	may	be	privileged	and	confidential	.
if	you	are	not	the	intended	recipient	,	please	delete	the	e-mail	and	notify	us	immediately	.
the	least	we	can	do	is	pass	this	news	along	.
is	there	anyone	else	we	should	tell	?
ted	bockius	<	ted.bockius@ivita.com	>
07/17/2000	02:21	pm
fyi	...	it	sound	like	bobby	is	in	serious	condition	.
thanks	,
sharon
i	think	they	'll	send	us	another	update	once	he	's	out	of	emergency	and	into	a	room	.?
then	it	's	real	easy	to	call	ben	taub	to	find	out	a	room	number	.?	the	address	is	below	.?
it	does	n't	sound	like	he	can	receive	visitors	yet	.
a	.
thanks	for	the	heads	up	.?
do	you	know	the	address	to	send	cards	??
do	you	know	if	bobby	can	see	visitors	??
some	of	the	folks	here	would	like	to	know	.
thanks	,
sharon
thought	you	might	like	to	know	.
amy	cornell	compaq	cpcg	marketing	p	:	281-518-9526	f	:	281-518-1081	amy.cornell@compaq.com	<	mailto:amy.cornell@compaq.com	<	mailto:amy.cornell@compaq.com	>	>
jann	,	phoned	this	morning	and	asked	me	to	pass	this	information	to	the	group	,	concerning	bobby	riggins	.
bobby	is	a	member	of	a	bicycle	team	,	while	cycling	this	weekend	,	he	and	other	members	of	his	team	were	injured	by	a	truck	.?
there	was	one	death	in	the	injured	group	and	the	others	with	major	injuries	.?
bobby	is	one	of	those	with	major	injuries	.?
he	is	currently	in	the	emergency	room	at	ben	taub	hospital	.?
ben	taub	hospital	is	located	at	1504	taub	loop	,	houston	,	texas	,	phone	number	:	713-793-2000	.?
he	can	not	accept	calls	,	visits	or	flowers	at	this	time	,	since	he	is	in	the	emergency	room	.?
an	update	will	be	e-mailed	,	as	soon	as	one	is	available	.
keep	bobby	,	his	team	members	and	their	families	in	your	prayers	.
rosario	gonzales	administrative	assistant	essg	cca-15	,	150301	,	153b09	281-514-3183	rosario.gonzales@compaq.com	<	mailto:rosario.gonzales@compaq.com	<	mailto:rosario.gonzales@compaq.com	>	>
i	think	it	's	a	good	idea	since	the	provisional	application	is	on	file	-	travis	is	the	internal	lawyer	who	has	taken	care	of	the	patent	application	so	he	will	have	better	ideas	for	where	the	words	should	be	placed	and	appropriate	look	and	feel	-lrb-	i	would	guess	near	the	copyright	notice	and	roughly	equivalent	size	-rrb-	.
david	forster@enron
07/17/2000	06:15	pm
mark	,
we	are	thinking	of	adding	a	patent	pending	message	to	key	enrononline	pages	-lrb-	like	the	homepage	-rrb-	.
can	you	offer	comments	/	concerns	/	guidelines	?
dave
does	it	make	sense	for	us	to	set	up	a	meeting	with	you	participating	from	buenos	aires	?
i	'm	not	sure	we	have	much	to	tell	them	at	this	stage	-	actually	,	i	'm	sure	i	do	n't	have	anything	new	to	report	but	if	you	do	that	would	be	fine	with	me	.
patrick	hansen@enron
07/17/2000	04:28	pm
michael	and	myself	are	planing	to	be	in	hoston	on	thursday	and	friday	of	this	week	.
we	intend	to	see	as	many	people	as	possible	regarding	eol	implementation	.
we	will	meet	dave	forster	and	his	team	among	others	.
we	would	like	to	fit	a	meeting	with	you	as	a	group	or	individually	.
please	let	me	know	about	your	availability	and	if	it	is	possible	to	meet	with	more	than	one	of	you	in	one	place	.
thank	you
fyi
david	forster@enron
07/17/2000	02:34	pm
further	background	:
argentina	intend	to	press	ahead	even	given	the	concern	about	taxes	,	etc	.
they	wish	to	launch	on	sept.	1	-	meaning	we	will	need	to	be	sending	mailings	sometime	around	mid-august	.
dave
leonardo	pacheco
07/17/2000	08:50	am
mark	,
just	wanted	to	know	were	we	stand	on	the	eta	and	pa	for	argentina	?
thanks	for	your	help	!
leonardo	pacheco	ext.	39938
if	you	need	more	,	there	is	a	proposal	from	the	documentation	committee	for	a	new	alternative	for	calculating	termination	amounts	-lrb-	we	heard	about	it	in	amsterdam	-rrb-	that	i	think	will	be	particularly	attractive	to	the	energy	markets	.
i	do	n't	know	where	this	stands	officially	-lrb-	i	have	n't	heard	any	developments	since	amsterdam	-rrb-	but	i	can	find	out	from	bob	pickle	if	you	want	.
mark	e	haedicke
07/18/2000	08:58	am
we	should	include	isda	energy	definitions	,	cftc	matters	re	energy	and	an	overview	of	power	deregulation	developments	in	north	america	.
i	might	also	add	a	few	items	about	international	developments	and	the	eei	physical	power	trading	form	.
i	am	thinking	4	slides	at	the	most	.
is	that	what	you	want	?
mark
current	plan	:
days	away	:	sept.	21	through	oct.	3	-lrb-	assuming	you	work	on	the	day	we	leave	and	go	back	to	work	the	day	after	we	return	-rrb-
9	work	days
wed.	sept.	20	-	leave	houston	around	6:00	pm
thur.	sept.	21	-	arrv.	london	early	a.m.	,	transfer	to	flight	to	nice
-	arrv.	nice	around	noon	?
rent	car	&	drive	to	first	hotel	-lrb-	less	than	1	hour	away	-rrb-	;	collapse
fri.	sept.	22	-	stay	in	same	hotel	,	visit	monaco	,	nice	?
sat.	sept.	23	-	drive	to	st.	tropez	-	through	nice	,	cannes	&	other	coastal	towns	,	check	-	in	mid	afternoon
sun.	sept.	24	-	st.	tropez
mon.	sept.	25	-	st.	tropez
tue.	sept.	26	-	drive	to	nice	,	return	car	,	fly	to	paris
wed.	sept.	27	-	paris
thur.	sept.	28	-	paris	-lrb-	versailles	or	fontainbleu	-	half	day	side	trip	-rrb-
fri.	sept.	29	-	paris	-lrb-	giverny	-	monet	's	gardens	-	3	/	4	day	side	trip	-rrb-
sat.	sept.	30	-	paris
sun.	oct.	1	-	paris	to	london	in	afternoon	-	probably	by	eurostar	train	-	-lrb-	arrv.	london	late	afternoon	-rrb-
mon.	oct.	2	-	london	-lrb-	meetings	for	clh	-rrb-
tues.	oct.	3	-	fly	london	to	houston	-lrb-	lv.	around	noon	,	arrv.	around	4:30	pm	-rrb-
to	make	matters	even	more	confusing	,	there	are	two	mark	taylors	.
i	believe	the	message	you	forwarded	to	me	belongs	to	the	mark	taylor	at	ei	-lrb-	based	in	london	-rrb-	.
unfortunately	,	i	ca	n't	forward	your	message	to	him	directly	-lrb-	there	seems	to	be	a	problem	with	the	attachment	-rrb-	.
if	you	still	have	it	,	can	you	send	it	to	him	at	"	mark	ei.london	taylor	"	?
i	will	take	care	of	it	.
thanks	for	the	reminder	.
ladies	,
enclosed	is	a	worksheet	for	ineos	acrylics	.
ineos	is	an	english	company	which	has	a	majority	of	its	operations	in	the	us	.
note	that	the	credit	thresholds	are	in	us	$	,	but	the	macs	are	designated	in	british	pounds	.
please	send	the	draft	to	troy	black	and	he	will	forward	to	the	cp	.
please	deliver	a	copy	to	me	as	well	.
have	a	great	weekend	.
max
<<	file	:	ineos.xls	>>
robbi	:
i	left	you	a	voice	mail	on	friday	.
i	looked	at	the	uecomm	master	and	had	some	comments	--	such	as	our	name	is	wrong	,	the	cross	default	threshold	for	us	should	be	us	$	and	not	aud	,	and	there	were	a	few	other	questions	i	had	.
marie
hi	,
attached	are	uecomm	's	final	comments	to	the	master	agreement	.
john	suttle	has	ok'd	anthony	's	latest	request	w	/	r.	t.	the	csa	.
could	you	please	send	an	executable	version	of	the	contract	to	fred	,	david	,	john	and	me	tomorrow	?
if	they	're	ok	with	it	,	we	'd	like	to	execute	it	as	soon	as	possible	unless	there	are	any	objections	.
thanks
pat
pat	,
please	find	attached	the	enron	master	agreement	.
i	have	inserted	the	company	details	of	uecomm	as	requested	.
i	have	also	amended	the	timeframes	in	the	credit	support	annex	to	10	days	instead	of	2	days	.
-lrb-	clauses	2	&	3	-rrb-	.
i	have	tracked	all	changes	for	ease	of	reference	.
if	these	amendmnets	are	agreeable	to	you	can	you	please	print	and	arrange	for	execution	.
if	you	have	any	questions	please	do	not	hesitate	to	give	me	a	call	.
regards	,
anthony	sill	legal	counsel	uecomm	limited	126	trenerry	crescent	abbotsford	,	vic	3067	.	ph.	-lrb-	03	-rrb-	9221	4101	fax.	-lrb-	03	-rrb-	9221	4193	mob.	0417	575	920
<<	enron	-	uc	master	agreement	-	0308.doc	>>
turn	up	your	sound	a	bit	.
reminder	:
conference	call	with	coned	at	1:00	today	in	sara	's	office	-	eb	3801a	.
nick	:
attached	for	your	further	handling	is	the	draft	form	deemed	isda	between	ena	and	ispat	mexicana	s.a.	de	c.v	.
please	note	that	the	economic	provisions	have	been	omitted	.
please	let	me	know	if	you	have	any	questions	or	need	anything	else	.
marie	x33907
tana	:
here	's	info	on	the	elliotts	.
marie
congratulations	!!!!!!!
we	've	been	asking	everyday	if	anyone	had	heard	if	the	"	babies	elliott	"	had	arrived	.
glad	to	hear	that	they	are	all	healthy	and	were	a	good	size	,	and	that	mom	is	doing	well	.
look	forward	to	seeing	pictures	of	the	little	ones	.
i	know	you	all	are	going	to	have	so	much	fun	with	them	.
hope	you	've	been	storing	up	sleep	,	cause	it	looks	like	you	wo	n't	be	getting	much	for	a	while	.
again	,	congratulations	.
these	three	little	ones	do	n't	realize	how	lucky	they	are	to	have	such	a	nice	dad	,	but	i	'm	sure	they	'll	find	out	soon	.
take	care
marie
ladies	and	gentlemen	,
this	is	just	to	let	you	know	that	emma	gave	birth	at	week	34	on	friday	,	6th	july	,	to	our	triplets	:
benjamin	james	-	at	12.45	pm	-	3	lbs	4	ozs
toby	william	-	12.46	pm	-	4	lbs
hannah	may	-	12.48	pm	-	3	lbs	15	ozs	.
although	small	,	they	are	all	"	fully	functioning	"	and	very	well	-	they	are	in	the	lowest	level	of	special	care	-lrb-	and	they	will	probably	be	in	there	for	another	two	to	four	weeks	-rrb-	until	they	can	feed	properly	and	maintain	their	weights	.
emma	is	fine	,	too	-	very	well	!!
all	the	best	and	kind	regards
mark
oops	!
attached	are	the	fax	cover	pages	for	each	of	the	nylon	and	polykron	deemed	isdas	i	just	sent	you	.
marie
rebecca	:
i	am	attaching	a	clean	and	blacklined	version	of	the	proposed	resolutions	authorizing	the	opening	of	brokerage	accounts	.
i	have	attempted	to	revise	them	to	make	them	clearer	.
perhaps	jim	armogida	can	assist	in	revising	them	as	i	am	sure	he	is	more	familiar	with	the	way	enron	corp.	likes	their	resolutions	drafted	than	we	are	.
let	me	know	if	you	have	any	questions	or	need	anything	else	.
marie	x33907
turn	up	your	sound	a	bit	.
hi	,	liz	:
thanks	!
marie
marie	heard	senior	legal	specialist
ms.	marquez	:
i	am	following	up	regarding	the	status	of	our	comments	to	the	form	of	guaranty	for	pemex	that	you	provided	to	lucy	ortiz	.
please	do	not	hesitate	to	contact	either	francisco	pinto	-	leite	or	me	with	any	questions	or	comments	.
we	look	forward	to	hearing	your	comments	.
marie	heard	senior	legal	specialist
ms.	marquez	:
attached	are	an	original	and	blacklined	copy	of	your	form	of	guaranty	,	which	reflect	our	comments	.
please	do	not	hesitate	to	contact	either	francisco	pinto	-	leite	,	senior	counsel	-lrb-	713/345-7942	;	francisco.pinto.leite@enron.com	-rrb-	or	me	with	any	questions	or	comments	.
thank	you	for	your	assistance	.
marie	heard	senior	legal	specialist
tanya	:
i	received	this	draft	from	niagara	mohawk	marketing	,	inc.	for	our	review	.
will	you	pass	along	to	the	appropriate	person	?
thanks	!
marie
marie	-
per	our	conversation	yesterday	afternoon	,	attached	are	proposed	drafts	of	the	schedule	and	the	para.	13	relative	to	the	above	.
having	spoken	with	dennis	goldmann	,	i	am	advised	that	there	are	currently	2	guaranties	in	place	in	the	sum	of	$	8	m	each	:	one	by	niagara	mohawk	holdings	inc	f	/	b	/	o	enron	,	and	one	by	enron	inc.	f	/	b	/	o	niagara	mohawk	energy	marketing	.
i	am	told	that	our	respective	credit	departments	want	to	raise	the	credit	lines	to	$	10	m	for	each	party	,	but	to	effect	that	we	will	have	to	modify	the	existing	guaranties	accordingly	.
let	me	know	if	this	is	your	understanding	,	as	well	.
after	you	have	had	the	chance	to	review	the	attached	,	please	send	me	a	marked	-	up	draft	and	we	can	discuss	our	concerns	from	there	.
should	you	have	any	questions	,	feel	free	to	call	me	.
i	can	be	reached	at	315-460-3344	.
any	credit	concerns	can	be	discussed	with	dennis	goldmann	,	who	can	be	reached	at	315-460-3349	.
i	look	forward	to	hearing	from	you	.
patty	snyder
-lrb-	see	attached	file	:	enron	-	schedule	-lrb-	nmemdrft8-7-01	-rrb-	.doc	-rrb-	-lrb-	see	attached	file	:	enron	-	para13	-lrb-	nmemdrft8-7-01	-rrb-	.doc	-rrb-
-	enron	-	schedule	-lrb-	nmemdrft8-7-01	-rrb-	.doc
-	enron	-	para13	-lrb-	nmemdrft8-7-01	-rrb-	.doc
hi	marie
did	you	get	a	chance	to	find	those	gtc's	for	ena	that	you	can	forward	this	way	?
thanks	,	i	know	you	are	busy	.
tracy
jeff	:
attached	are	the	draft	schedule	to	the	isda	master	agreement	,	together	with	paragraph	13	to	the	isda	credit	support	annex	.
i	am	putting	the	credit	worksheet	on	the	fax	machine	to	you	as	soon	as	i	send	this	message	.
let	me	know	if	you	have	any	questions	or	need	anything	else	.
marie	x33907
hi	everyone	,
i	just	got	of	the	phone	with	hai	and	he	told	me	how	to	make	an	adjustment	on	a	day	to	day	basis	in	regards	to	incorrect	liquidations	but	he	also	explained	this	is	just	to	make	the	daily	p&l	#'s	right	,	if	nothing	were	done	the	month	end	p&l	would	still	somehow	work	out	because	adjustments	would	be	made	.
does	this	mean	that	for	june	and	for	a	certain	portion	of	july	we	should	not	do	anything	and	just	make	adjustments	on	a	going	forward	basis	-lrb-	and	assume	everything	will	work	out	at	month	end	-rrb-	?
if	this	is	the	case	i	would	like	someone	to	walk	me	through	june	to	see	if	the	numbers	did	really	work	themselves	out	as	there	was	a	large	swing	in	second	order	on	june	29	that	was	not	adjusted	for	.
let	me	know	if	one	of	you	could	help	me	do	this	.
karim	.
evidently	,	this	a	problem	that	stacey	white	has	been	aware	of	for	a	couple	of	months	now	.
there	was	a	change	made	in	the	coding	for	the	delta	position	and	this	has	somehow	messed	up	the	liq	value	.
john
john	,	karim	,
i	'm	now	looking	closely	at	the	option	liquidation	problems	.
i	believe	that	there	might	be	a	sign	-	flipping	problem	for	puts	that	's	causing	this	whole	issue	.
i	'll	keep	you	posted	.
karim	-	this	's	likely	the	explanation	to	your	other	question	...
i	'll	get	back	to	you	as	soon	as	i	have	more	info	-lrb-	hopefully	later	today	-rrb-
marcelo	l.	meira	sr	it	developer	enron	networks	-	houston	,	tx	-lrb-	713	-rrb-	345-3436
the	post	id	i	am	looking	at	for	calgary	is	11608	.
i	am	looking	at	the	option	liquidation	report	and	all	of	the	$	65	puts	are	in	the	money	and	the	$	75	call	is	also	in	the	money	.
should	n't	all	the	liquidation	values	from	the	beginning	of	the	month	be	a	negative	-lrb-	representing	positive	liquidation	-rrb-	for	the	puts	?
the	liq	value	for	the	call	is	correct	.
john
karim	,
i	do	n't	want	to	wait	till	month	end	,	let	's	adjust	the	numbers	now	and	for	the	june	29	2nd	order	,	let	s	take	that	value	into	june	since	it	relates	to	july	puts	.
hi	everyone	,
i	just	got	of	the	phone	with	hai	and	he	told	me	how	to	make	an	adjustment	on	a	day	to	day	basis	in	regards	to	incorrect	liquidations	but	he	also	explained	this	is	just	to	make	the	daily	p&l	#'s	right	,	if	nothing	were	done	the	month	end	p&l	would	still	somehow	work	out	because	adjustments	would	be	made	.
does	this	mean	that	for	june	and	for	a	certain	portion	of	july	we	should	not	do	anything	and	just	make	adjustments	on	a	going	forward	basis	-lrb-	and	assume	everything	will	work	out	at	month	end	-rrb-	?
if	this	is	the	case	i	would	like	someone	to	walk	me	through	june	to	see	if	the	numbers	did	really	work	themselves	out	as	there	was	a	large	swing	in	second	order	on	june	29	that	was	not	adjusted	for	.
let	me	know	if	one	of	you	could	help	me	do	this	.
karim	.
evidently	,	this	a	problem	that	stacey	white	has	been	aware	of	for	a	couple	of	months	now	.
there	was	a	change	made	in	the	coding	for	the	delta	position	and	this	has	somehow	messed	up	the	liq	value	.
john
john	,	karim	,
i	'm	now	looking	closely	at	the	option	liquidation	problems	.
i	believe	that	there	might	be	a	sign	-	flipping	problem	for	puts	that	's	causing	this	whole	issue	.
i	'll	keep	you	posted	.
karim	-	this	's	likely	the	explanation	to	your	other	question	...
i	'll	get	back	to	you	as	soon	as	i	have	more	info	-lrb-	hopefully	later	today	-rrb-
marcelo	l.	meira	sr	it	developer	enron	networks	-	houston	,	tx	-lrb-	713	-rrb-	345-3436
the	post	id	i	am	looking	at	for	calgary	is	11608	.
i	am	looking	at	the	option	liquidation	report	and	all	of	the	$	65	puts	are	in	the	money	and	the	$	75	call	is	also	in	the	money	.
should	n't	all	the	liquidation	values	from	the	beginning	of	the	month	be	a	negative	-lrb-	representing	positive	liquidation	-rrb-	for	the	puts	?
the	liq	value	for	the	call	is	correct	.
john
unable	to	attend	at	that	time	due	to	a	prior	appointment	,	i	can	meet	with	you	individually	later	some	time
ok	,	now	that	i	've	got	your	attention	-	i	really	am	offering	free	lunch	!
i	would	like	to	informally	get	together	with	you	on	wednesday	,	july	18	at	11:45	am	-	1:00	pm	-lrb-	max	-rrb-	to	talk	about	your	recruiting	experience	with	enron	canada	.
we	're	gearing	up	for	our	2001	/	02	recruiting	campaign	and	we	think	your	experience	will	help	us	define	what	works	best	and	what	can	be	improved	in	our	process	.
for	those	of	you	in	toronto	,	i	apologize	for	not	being	able	to	schedule	this	over	your	lunch	time	!
however	,	if	you	can	wait	til	2:00	pm	to	eat	,	go	ahead	and	grab	something	and	expense	it	!
we	'll	hook	you	guys	in	by	videoconference	.
i	've	booked	videoconference	room	#	1	.
please	let	me	know	whether	or	not	you	can	attend	so	i	can	order	enough	food	.
thanks	!!
should	be	ok
kindly	confirm	your	availability	to	attend	an	analyst	and	associate	recruiting	meeting	scheduled	for	thursday	,	july	26th	at	2:00	p.m.	-lrb-	4:00	p.m.	toronto	time	-rrb-	.
this	meeting	should	not	take	more	than	one	hour	.
the	toronto	office	will	be	video	conferenced	in	.
regards	,
nella
let	s	try	before	fri	,	as	i	am	planning	to	take	that	day	off
attached	is	the	revised	draft	paper	that	reflects	our	conference	call	with	bob	fagan	earlier	this	week	.
i	propose	we	have	a	conference	call	with	bob	fagan	on	fri	july	20	at	1:00	pm	calgary	time	to	discuss	any	areas	of	concern	/	confusion	you	may	have	.
also	,	would	those	of	you	who	have	not	responded	to	me	via	email	confirming	your	acceptance	of	the	terms	upon	which	our	four	companies	have	agreed	to	assume	cost	responsibility	for	the	tca	work	on	this	.
attached	is	the	letter	i	originally	sent	to	you	on	may	10	in	this	regard	.
<<	file	:	tabors	conflict	letter	alberta	export	050901.doc	>>
regards	,
rob
rob	,
this	draft	reflects	the	changes	we	discussed	during	our	call	the	other	day	.
i	've	also	included	a	redlined	draft	showing	changes	.
regards	,
bob
<<	alberta	transmission	access	and	pricing	analysis_0712	.doc	>>
<<	alberta	transmission	access	and	pricing	analysis_0712	redlined	.doc	>>
-	alberta	transmission	access	and	pricing	analysis_0712	.doc	<<	file	:	alberta	transmission	access	and	pricing	analysis_0712	.doc	>>
-	alberta	transmission	access	and	pricing	analysis_0712	redlined	.doc	<<	file	:	alberta	transmission	access	and	pricing	analysis_0712	redlined	.doc	>>
no
hi	john	,
with	reference	to	article	5	,	section	5.1	-lrb-	b	-rrb-	,	are	we	going	to	propose	an	alternative	planned	outage	to	tau	for	next	year	?
thanks	,
mike
"	katie	kaplan	"	<	kaplan@iepa.com	>
10/27/2000	06:20	pm
please	respond	to	kaplan
greetings	:
iep	will	be	hosting	a	dinner	for	california	governor	gray	davis	on	thursday	,	december	7	,	2000	at	the	historic	julia	morgan	house	in	sacramento	.
we	will	be	targeting	to	raise	at	least	$	100,000	so	company	contributions	will	range	from	$	10,000	-	$	20,000	per	person	-lrb-	$	10	k	minimum	per	person	-rrb-	depending	on	the	number	of	respondents	.
we	have	already	received	firm	commitments	from	3	companies	.
if	you	are	interested	in	attending	please	e-mail	me	as	soon	as	possible	.
a	formal	invitation	will	follow	to	those	who	respond	.
we	need	responses	or	direction	by	no	later	than	cob	on	monday	,	october	30	,	2000	.
please	contact	me	with	any	questions	.
thank	you	,
katie	kaplan	manager	of	policy	iep	-lrb-	916	-rrb-	448-9499
congratulations	.
everyone	is	extremely	pleased	that	you	're	joining	.
best	of	luck	and	very	much	looking	forward	to	working	together	.
best	,
jeff
i	'll	believe	it	when	i	see	it	.
seems	like	a	good	idea	to	keep	the	heat	on	hoecker	&	co.	right	up	until	nov.	1	.
thanks	.
i	'm	glad	they	want	to	follow	-	up	with	steve	-lrb-	i	've	been	pushing	it	-rrb-	and	i	've	got	some	follow	-	up	as	well	based	on	chats	i	had	in	the	afternoon	on	friday	with	folks	post-call	.
let	's	regroup	on	monday	.
i	'll	be	in	portland	but	can	call	you	.
best	,
jeff
jeremy	meier	<	jermeier@earthlink.net	>
10/29/2000	11:48	am
jeff	:
fyi	,	we	had	an	instructive	rest	of	the	conference	call	on	friday	with	sue	and	robbie	et	al	.
they	indicated	they	could	use	steve	's	help	face	to	face	at	some	point	.
we	are	following	up	with	sue	and	robbie	on	a	couple	legal	issues	,	case	law	and	msa	self	-	certification	language	,	and	let	me	know	if	you	have	additional	items	.
we	await	approval	on	the	final	tariff	language	and	can	then	file	at	the	cpuc	.
let	me	know	what	schedule	works	for	you	.
also	,	can	you	confirm	the	correct	names	,	email	addresses	,	titles	for	those	new	folks	on	friday	's	call	:	robbie	rossi	,	michelle	,	melissa	lloyd	?
thanks	.
jeremy	meier	blumenfeld	&	cohen
attached	for	your	review	are	draft	talking	points	for	the	cal	energy	markets	conference	i	'm	speaking	at	on	thursday	in	sf	.
all	comments	,	suggestions	,	etc.	are	appreciated	.
thanks	.
yes	,	i	would	like	to	participate	.
thanks	.
thanks	a	million	.
talk	to	you	then	.
lara	leibman@enron	communications
10/31/2000	03:48	pm
here	's	the	info	for	calling	in	--	thanks	!
lara
angie	buis
10/31/00	02:17	pm
the	call	-	in	number	and	instructions	for	the	11/2	8:30	a.m.	meeting	are	as	follows	:
everyone	will	dial	the	toll	free	number	1-877-331-6867	.
all	the	outside	participants	will	be	prompted	to	enter	their	access	code	,	which	is	600-480	.
wayne	,	your	access	code	-lrb-	room	4434	-rrb-	after	dialing	the	toll	free	number	will	be	857-771	.
i	have	asked	for	4	outside	ports	and	should	anyone	else	need	to	join	in	,	they	may	do	so	with	the	access	code	and	without	operator	assistance	.
the	duration	of	the	call	is	3.5	hours	.
the	call	will	terminate	once	everyone	has	hung	up	.
please	let	me	know	if	any	of	you	need	additional	information	.
thanks	.
angie	buis	ebs	-	tax	x-37097
attached	for	your	review	are	copies	of	the	settlement	documents	that	were	filed	today	in	the	gas	industry	restructuring	/	natural	gas	strategy	proceeding	,	including	the	motion	for	approval	of	the	comprehensive	settlement	that	is	supported	by	thirty	signatories	to	the	comprehensive	settlement	,	the	comprehensive	settlement	document	itself	,	and	the	various	appendices	to	the	settlement	.?
because	a	number	of	the	declarations	and	signature	pages	are	not	yet	available	electronically	,	they	have	not	been	included	with	this	note	.?
hard	copies	of	the	comprehensive	settlement	,	including	all	declarations	and	signature	pages	,	are	being	shipped	tonight	via	us	mail	to	all	parties	on	the	service	list	.?
additional	printed	copies	should	be	available	within	the	next	day	or	so	and	i	will	make	them	available	to	all	of	you	-	just	let	me	know	how	many	copies	you	need	.
i	would	like	to	thank	all	of	the	parties	who	participated	in	this	settlement	process	.?
you	have	all	devoted	considerable	time	,	resources	and	spirit	in	the	preparation	of	this	document	-	and	it	shows	.?
we	now	have	a	settlement	before	the	commission	that	includes	ratepayer	advocates	,	commercial	and	industrial	customers	,	electric	generators	,	marketers	,	shippers	,	independent	storage	providers	,?	gas	suppliers	,?	producers	,	utilities	,	aggregators	,	pipeline	companies	,	wholesale	customers	,	municipalities	,	and	retail	mass	marketers	,	among	others	.?
while	we	should	be	proud	of	our	accomplishment	,	we	now	must	turn	to	the	task	of	getting	our	testimony	ready	by	may	5	deadline	.?
assignments	have	already	been	made	and	i	will	schedule	a	conference	call	later	this	week	to	discuss	related	details	.?
so	much	for	resting	on	our	laurels	.?
once	again	,	thank	you	all	for	an	outstanding	accomplishment	.
<<	ld2d-#69366-1.doc	>>	<<	ld2d-#69345-1.doc	>>	?	<<	ld2d-#69397-1.doc	>>	<<	ld2d-#69396-1.doc	>>	<<	ld2d-#69377-1.xls	>>	<<	ld2d-#69381-1.doc	>>	<<	ld2d-#69366-1.doc	>>	<<	ld2d-#69336-1.xls	>>	<<	primary	rights	4-12	.doc	>>	<<	ld2d-#69334-1.doc	>>	<<	ld2d-#69345-1.doc	>>
-	ld2d-#69366-1.doc
-	ld2d-#69345-1.doc
-	ld2d-#69397-1.doc
-	ld2d-#69396-1.doc
-	ld2d-#69377-1.xls
-	ld2d-#69381-1.doc
-	ld2d-#69366-1.doc
-	ld2d-#69336-1.xls
-	primary	rights	4-12	.doc
-	ld2d-#69334-1.doc
-	ld2d-#69345-1.doc
severin	borenstein
e.t.	grether	professor	of	business	administration	and	public	policy	director	haas	school	of	business	u.c.	energy	institute	university	of	california	2539	channing	way	berkeley	,	ca	94720-1900	berkeley	,	ca	94720-5180	-lrb-	p	-rrb-	510-642-3689	-lrb-	p	-rrb-	510-642-5145	-lrb-	f	-rrb-	707-885-2508	http://www.ucei.berkeley.edu/ucei	email	:	borenste@haas.berkeley.edu	www	:	http://haas.berkeley.edu/~borenste
attached	is	a	rough	draft	of	my	talking	points	for	a	panel	i	'll	be	on	at	a	cem	conference	in	sf	on	thursday	afternoon	.
have	distributed	to	western	ga	team	-lrb-	plus	steffes	-rrb-	for	comment	and	thought	you	may	have	some	,	too	.
topic	for	panel	,	"	puc	priorities	.	"
goal	is	to	-lrb-	politely	?	-rrb-	refute	loretta	lynch	's	and	carl	woods	'	continued	assertions	that	1	-rrb-	california	's	move	to	deregulate	was	based	solely	on	ideology	with	no	basis	in	fact	and	2	-rrb-	the	solution	is	to	turn	back	the	clock	to	command	-	and	-	control	regulation	.
the	ferc	order	tomorrow	is	likely	to	alter	the	points	somewhat	.
comments	are	much	appreciated	.
best	,
jeff
chris	:
as	we	discussed	yesterday	,	laird	and	i	spoke	and	we	think	that	the	presentation	is	good	to	go	for	thursday	.
we	'll	need	to	update	the	numbers	for	the	offer	we	made	to	s.d.	last	week	.
you	had	mentioned	that	you	might	want	to	include	a	shaped	product	.
you	still	considering	it	?
let	us	know	and	we	can	add	it	,	and	make	any	other	changes	you	'd	like	to	make	at	this	end	.
my	flight	gets	into	s.d.	at	at	8:35	on	southwest	.
best	,
jeff
sandi	sez	it	's	actually	happening	at	10	am	and	it	's	renewable	-	focused	.
david	forster
03/08/2000	09:45	am
fyi
dear	justin
marly	asked	me	to	respond	to	you	.
as	you	know	,	the	suffix	online	is	purely	descriptive	and	now	used	by	many	companies	.
therefore	,	any	trade	mark	registration	that	incorporates	the	word	online	as	a	suffix	in	the	way	that	you	use	it	will	not	enable	its	owner	to	prevent	others	from	using	the	word	online	.
given	the	above	,	if	you	have	adequate	protection	for	the	word	enron	-lrb-	which	covers	the	services	that	you	offer	on	-	line	as	well	as	your	core	activities	-rrb-	,	i	'd	say	that	another	application	for	the	words	enron	online	is	probably	unnecessary	.
however	,	if	you	use	a	particular	logo	for	the	on	-	line	service	,	that	should	be	registered	.
i	hope	the	above	is	clear	.
jonathan	day
marly	,
if	you	could	respond	to	me	on	this	request	,	thanks
justin
paul	goddard
08/03/2000	11:35
can	one	of	you	give	me	a	quick	call	to	discuss	.
i	'm	@	x37047	.
thanks	.
i	believe	we	are	to	some	extent	already	protected	with	"	enron	"	proceeded	with	anything	,	but	enrononline	-lrb-	tm	-rrb-	,	etc.	just	affords	us	more	protection	.
i	assume	this	is	akin	to	why	mcdonald	's	trademarks	"	mc	"	everything	?
david	forster
08/03/2000	01:50
paul	,
can	you	please	give	me	a	call	to	discuss	trademarking	?
i.e.	are	we	covered	if	we	proceed	a	word	with	"	enron	"	?
e.g.	:	enroneauction	.
if	we	are	covered	,	then	was	it	necessary	to	register	enrononline	?
thanks	,
dave
____________________________________________________________
this	message	is	confidential	.
it	may	also	be	privileged	or	otherwise	protected	by	work	product	immunity	or	other	legal	rules	.
if	you	have	received	it	by	mistake	please	let	us	know	by	reply	and	then	delete	it	from	your	system	;	you	should	not	copy	the	message	or	disclose	its	contents	to	anyone	.
____________________________________________________________
per	my	conversation	with	edmund	this	morning	,	we	are	moving	the	following	countries	to	the	non-approved	list	:	austria	,	belgium	,	croatia	,	czech	republic	,	denmark	,	poland	,	portugal	,	romania	,	singapore	,	and	slovenia	.
below	is	the	list	,	now	updated	to	reflect	this	change	.
jurisdictions	which	are	are	approved	to	trade	credit	derivatives	:	finland	,	germany	,	norway	,	sweden	,	switzerland	,	the	u.k	,	and	the	u.s.	.
jurisdictions	which	are	not	approved	to	trade	credit	derivatives	include	:	austria	,	belgium	,	canada	,	croatia	,	czech	republic	,	denmark	,	france	,	gibraltar	,	ireland	,	italy	,	poland	,	portugal	,	romania	,	scotland	,	singapore	,	slovenia	,	spain	,	and	the	netherlands	.
for	banks	incorporated	in	a	non-approved	jurisdiction	,	it	may	be	possible	for	them	to	trade	out	of	a	branch	located	in	an	approved	jurisdiction	-lrb-	i.e.	u.s.	and	u.k.	branches	-rrb-	.
this	would	have	to	be	determined	on	a	case	by	case	basis	.
please	let	me	know	if	there	are	any	changes	to	this	list	.
sent	by	:	nella	cappelletto
yes	,	we	should	add	compliance	with	otc	derivatives	and	/	or	commodity	contracts	and	qualified	party	requirements	of	the	securities	act	-lrb-	alberta	-rrb-	,	securities	act	-lrb-	british	columbia	-rrb-	and	securities	act	-lrb-	ontario	-rrb-	.
thanks	,
peter
with	regard	to	our	annual	review	of	this	list	of	laws	we	need	to	comply	with	,	do	we	not	want	to	add	the	canadian	provinces	new	"	eligible	swap	participant	"	equivalant	rules	?
molly	harris
03/08/2000	05:37	pm
please	find	attached	credit	's	eol	responses	for	3/8/00	.
regards
molly
you	are	the	best	!
why	does	it	always	have	to	be	my	deals	...?!!!
we	've	received	a	personal	invitation	to	a	nymex	crawfish	boil	on	april	3	at	5:00	at	garden	in	the	heights	at	3926	feagan	.
the	cause	of	this	celebration	is	the	10th	anniversary	of	the	nat	gas	futures	contract	.
it	would	be	nice	if	shankman	and	john	arnold	could	attend	.
perhaps	you	can	give	them	a	personal	invitation	...
we	have	received	the	amendment	to	the	bc	gas	isda	master	executed	by	bc	gas	,	which	adds	the	canadian	securities	representation	,	so	we	do	n't	have	to	add	the	rep	into	every	confirm	.
bc	gas	wo	n't	sign	the	confirms	with	the	rep	in	,	and	this	has	caused	much	difficulties	.
i	am	going	to	count	it	as	signed	,	since	bc	gas	has	signed	,	but	we	still	need	it	to	be	signed	by	ecc	.
can	you	get	it	signed	asap	and	back	to	me	.
much	thanks	.
we	have	received	the	executed	amendment	to	the	subscription	agreement	with	weathertrade	,	inc.	dated	march	2	,	2000	.
this	amendment	amends	the	transaction	fee	referenced	in	subparagraph	-lrb-	c	-rrb-	of	the	fee	schedule	to	the	subscription	agreement	.
copies	will	be	distributed	.
updating	another	blue	file	because	susan	b.	,	this	time	,	has	not	updated	it	to	reference	mergers	&	name	changes	!
it	appears	you	missed	some	cpys	on	the	referenced	list	because	tom	had	the	freeze	panel	button	on	,	and	you	probably	did	n't	see	them	at	first	.
i	did	n't	either	until	i	clicked	on	the	down	button	and	they	popped	up	.
when	you	have	a	minute	,	i	'll	give	me	a	call	and	i	'll	come	around	and	show	you	how	to	unfreeze	the	panel	.
i	spoke	to	edmund	to	get	the	scoop	on	what	we	are	going	to	be	doing	on	the	confirms	for	credit	derivatives	,	and	he	said	that	his	current	understanding	is	that	all	of	the	confirms	will	be	done	out	of	london	.
i	communicated	that	to	bob	bowen	.
he	also	said	that	london	was	going	to	be	hiring	120	people	to	deal	with	the	credit	derivatives	business	.
wow	!
carol	,	will	you	handle	this	or	mark	?
tori	kuykendall
03/09/2000	03:51	pm
hi	mark	-
i	'm	a	gas	trader	on	the	west	desk	and	one	of	my	customers	had	some	issues	with	our	electronic	trading	agreement	.
the	company	is	arco	products	,	adn	their	comments	are	on	the	attached	file	.
could	you	take	a	look	at	this	and	give	me	an	update	.
thanks	.
torrey	,	as	promised	i	have	attached	arco	's	suggested	revisions	to	the	enron	online	trading	agreement	.
i	look	forward	to	working	toward	a	mutually	satisfactory	agreement	in	this	new	and	thorny	area	of	e-commerce	contracting	.
dave
-lrb-	see	attached	file	:	eta_revision0307.doc	-rrb-
-	eta_revision0307.doc
we	have	received	the	executed	first	amendment	to	isda	master	agreement	dated	as	of	december	1	,	1999	.
this	amendment	adds	the	british	columbia	securities	act	representation	to	the	master	.
copies	will	be	distributed	.
confirmation	desk	:	you	can	stop	adding	the	rep	to	the	confirms	now	.
molly	harris
03/09/2000	05:39	pm
please	find	attached	credit	's	eol	responses	for	3/9/00	.
regards	,
molly
here	's	the	list	with	the	missing	counterparties	.
molly	harris
03/08/2000	05:37	pm
please	find	attached	credit	's	eol	responses	for	3/8/00	.
regards
molly
yeah	!
probably	...
i	just	got	a	call	from	dave	and	frank	and	they	tell	me	i	have	a	whole	week	this	time	to	approve	the	whole	counterparty	list	to	trade	australian	financial	power	.
i	'll	need	to	talk	to	you	about	his	monday	.
hey	guys	,	take	monday	off	!
molly	harris
03/10/2000	04:28	pm
please	note	credit	has	no	eol	responses	for	3/10/00	.
regards
molly
mike	jordan
04/04/2001	09:27	am
please	find	attached	the	most	recent	update	for	merchanting	metals	.
in	summary	the	planned	systems	changes	and	manual	substantiation	efforts	are	behind	schedule	.
additional	resources	are	being	allocated	and	the	situation	is	being	closely	monitored	-lrb-	both	for	quarter	end	signoff	and	on	going	operations	-rrb-	.
please	contact	me	if	you	require	any	additional	information
mike
mike	jordan
03/04/2001	16:29
the	intention	of	the	efforts	and	actions	documented	in	my	earlier	update	-lrb-	see	attached	email	-rrb-	was	to	provide	a	robust	position	signoff	process	for	total	metal	tonnage	,	spread	and	brand	and	location	a	timely	substantiation	of	stock	on	balance	sheet	forward	mtm	debtors	and	creditor	balances	obsf	transactional	values	and	a	reconciliation	of	the	barclays	intercompany	account
despite	the	best	efforts	of	it	,	continuing	problems	with	the	as400	application	,	a	better	understanding	of	the	inconsistency	between	stock	reconciliation	reports	,	and	concerns	over	the	useability	of	the	outright	stock	screen	enquiry	are	such	that	i	am	currently	not	confident	of	delivering	sufficient	accurate	information	to	aa	to	satisfy	their	audit	requirements	-	which	at	a	macro	level	is	the	transparent	audit	trail	between	stock	and	forward	positions	to	full	accounting	values	.
consequently	i	need	to	inform	you	of	,	and	/	or	require	your	approval	for	,	the	following	:
i	will	discuss	with	aa	the	following
that	obsf	values	within	the	extended	trial	balance	may	be	misstated	due	to	data	issues	-lrb-	above	and	beyond	existing	conversations	with	aa	on	model	simplifications	-rrb-
that	there	are	reconciling	differences	between	trader	position	analyses	,	as400	on	screen	enquiries	and	the	formal	global	position	report	-lrb-	these	differences	are	at	present	not	understood	but	would	need	to	be	provided	to	aa	within	the	audit	timetable	-rrb-
an	outline	of	the	internal	balance	sheet	review	process	described	in	my	earlier	note	which	must	now	be	reprioritised	and	rescoped	-lrb-	see	mo	work	-rrb-
the	creation	of	an	incentive	payment	pool	-lrb-	possibly	via	personal	best	awards	-rrb-	for	key	metals	staff	who	continue	to	work	exceptionally	unsociable	hours	to	meet	the	above	stated	objectives
the	signoff	for	additional	permanent	'	enron	'	headcount	who	will	'	duplicate	'	certain	key	position	control	processes	ultimately	replacing	some	existing	traffic	staff
a	reconciling	difference	of	$	15	mm	exists	between	the	reported	dpr	and	the	final	accounting	p&l	as	generated	on	the	as400	.
we	will	continue	to	investigate	potential	misstatements	in	the	system	p&l	,	as	a	result	of	data	or	system	valuation	problems	,	within	the	month	end	reporting	timeframe	.
however	,	this	difference	may	need	to	be	adjusted	for	following	a	final	review	and	signoff	of	system	p&l	values	with	traders	.
the	recall	of	all	obsf	stock	in	early	april	and	retention	on	balance	sheet	-lrb-	reduced	where	economically	viable	-rrb-	until	positions	are	fully	reconciled	and	repeatable	daily	signoff	process	can	be	instigated	.
middle	office	work	being	prioritised	is	as	follows
the	stock	circularisation	initiated	for	close	of	business	23rd	-	with	full	reconciliation	of	returns	to	current	system	data	by	traffic	/	co-ordination	an	audit	of	the	stock	and	forward	valuation	report	for	the	30th	-lrb-	replacing	planned	23rd	review	due	to	system	issues	-rrb-	,	requiring	full	download	of	contract	detail	for	later	reference
reconciliation	of	stock	movements	between	23rd	and	30th	sample	tests	of	vanilla	forward	transactions
detailed	position	analysis	of	all	obsf	contracts	that	must	be	reconciled	to	barclays	documentation
spreadsheet	recalculation	of	obsf	option	premium	utilising	the	above	manually	created	position	analysis
the	circularisation	of	barclays	intercompany	account	and	comparison	to	our	cut	off	and	substantiation	analysis
the	debtors	/	creditors	partial	circularisation	initiated	for	close	of	business	23rd
i	will	be	in	touch	directly	re	the	items	needing	approval
regards
mike
mike	jordan
21/03/2001	18:20
several	related	issues	have	resulted	in	an	increase	in	the	level	of	operating	risk	for	the	merchanting	metals	business	.
complexities	surrounding	the	operation	of	the	off	balance	sheet	facility	-lrb-	"	obsf	"	-rrb-	which	commenced	two	weeks	before	the	year	end	.
the	uncertainty	generated	by	the	revocation	of	aa	's	signoff	for	the	facility	late	in	the	year	end	audit	.
the	discovery	of	a	number	of	'	bugs	'	within	the	as400	merchanting	code	,	arising	from	the	release	of	obsf	designed	functionality	,	which	compounded	the	operational	burden	of	supporting	the	obsf	.
the	requirement	to	amend	the	operational	process	and	obsf	it	code	as	a	result	of	the	current	renegotiation	of	the	obsf	with	barclays	-lrb-	and	aa	-rrb-	.
the	senior	it	developer	for	merchanting	has	resigned	and	been	sent	on	gardening	leave	.
the	corporate	requirement	to	lower	working	capital	usage	for	the	merchanting	business	irrespective	of	the	above	parochial	business	issues	.
various	mitigating	actions	have	been	and	will	be	taken	to	provide	focus	,	gain	comfort	over	control	levels	and	to	provide	assurance	to	senior	management	as	to	the	accuracy	of	the	q1	dpr	and	business	balance	sheet	.
the	implementation	for	sap	for	the	merchanting	business	has	been	delayed	and	effectively	decoupled	from	the	higher	risk	-lrb-	higher	benefit	-rrb-	brokerage	implementation	-	benefit	is	to	provide	sole	focus	on	obsf	for	it	merchanting	developers	.
the	ar	/	ap	sap	data	quality	reviews	for	both	businesses	are	continuing	so	as	to	provide	a	detailed	analysis	as	at	end	q1	.
middle	office	have	instigated	a	new	daily	working	capital	report	process	tracking	cash	settlement	/	funding	data	to	working	capital	components	for	all	metals	businesses	.
an	enhanced	position	signoff	process	will	be	implemented	prior	to	end	q1	covering	gross	tonnage	,	spread	positions	and	summarised	analyses	for	brand	and	locations	.
the	necessary	report	functionality	should	be	available	within	the	as400	,	however	contingencies	have	been	initiated	to	build	tactical	vba	/	excel	reports	outside	of	the	as400	but	using	as400	data	downloads	.
user	requests	for	additional	as400	functionality	and	reports	have	been	aggressively	prioritised	and	a	code	freeze	will	commence	prior	to	the	end	of	q1	following	the	delivery	of	three	reports	determined	as	minimum	requirements	for	the	support	of	obsf	.
a	resubstantiation	of	the	full	q1	dpr	will	be	completed	by	the	risk	control	staff	reconciling	the	full	trial	balances	between	q1	open	and	q1	close
a	full	internal	balance	sheet	review	will	be	completed	within	the	q1	audit	timetable	which	incorporates
a	full	circularisation	of	inventory	balances	,	and	matching	to	source	documentation	within	enron
inspection	of	certain	of	the	above	inventory	balances	,	by	third	party	inspectors	,	where	there	is	an	expectation	that	circularisation	replies	will	not	be	received	on	a	timely	basis
substantive	checks	back	to	source	contract	documentation	for	the	forward	priced	and	unpriced	positions	report	-lrb-	spot	checking	the	key	position	report	signed	off	by	the	traders	-rrb-
full	reconciliation	and	recalculation	of	obsf	option	premium	values
full	reconciliation	of	contracts	within	the	obsf	to	barclays	documentation	-lrb-	thereby	substantiating	existence	of	stock	that	we	have	option	to	purchase	-rrb-	and	to	as400	barclays	account
a	risk	based	debtors	review	-	matching	to	source	documentation	,	where	applicable	,	and	any	subsequent	post	quarter	end	cash	movements
a	full	substantiation	of	creditors	to	internal	-lrb-	contract	commitments	-rrb-	or	external	documentation	-lrb-	invoices	/	request	for	payment	-rrb-
a	full	reconciliation	of	intercompany	accounts
a	full	substantive	reconciliation	of	cash	and	funding	accounts
i	intend	to	provide	weekly	updates	on	the	status	of	the	above	actions	during	april
if	you	have	any	questions	please	call	me	on	x34703
regards
mike
dr.	harris	:
i	would	like	to	thank	you	for	personally	taking	the	time	to	closely	review	my	application	.
though	i	am	disappointed	with	the	results	i	am	still	determined	to	attend	the	texas	graduate	school	of	business	next	year	.
i	understand	how	competitive	the	process	has	become	,	but	i	felt	that	with	my	work	experiences	,	recommendations	,	personality	,	extracurricular	activities	,	etc.	that	this	would	compensate	for	my	disability	.
after	talking	with	professors	titman	,	ronn	,	brown	and	jemison	,	i	was	sure	that	the	school	was	the	right	place	to	get	the	education	i	was	looking	for	.
i	am	still	certain	that	the	school	is	the	best	place	for	getting	a	great	graduate	-	level	education	,	so	i	want	you	to	know	that	i	am	going	to	do	whatever	it	takes	to	get	in	next	year	.
i	plan	on	taking	two	or	three	graduate	level	finance	courses	at	the	university	of	houston	this	summer	and	fall	to	demonstrate	to	the	admissions	committee	that	i	can	compete	at	the	graduate	level	.
i	also	plan	on	retaking	the	gmat	test	.
due	to	my	disability	,	this	will	be	a	monumental	task	;	but	i	am	determined	to	prove	to	the	committee	that	i	can	be	successful	at	the	texas	graduate	school	of	business	.
i	would	like	to	come	down	to	austin	this	spring	to	meet	with	you	to	further	discuss	my	application	file	and	to	personally	meet	you	.
if	you	think	of	anything	else	i	can	do	to	strengthen	my	overall	application	file	for	next	year	,	please	let	me	know	.
take	care	and	hope	to	hear	from	you	soon	.
sincerely	,
ben	rogers
professor	ronn	:
i	would	like	to	thank	you	for	taking	the	time	to	recommend	me	to	the	mba	program	.
in	the	end	,	the	results	were	not	favorable	.
i	understand	that	it	is	a	competitive	process	,	but	i	felt	that	with	my	work	experiences	,	recommendations	,	extracurricular	activities	,	etc.	,	that	this	would	help	my	chances	and	possibly	compensate	for	my	disability	.
after	talking	with	you	and	professors	titman	,	brown	and	jemison	,	i	was	sure	that	ut	was	the	right	place	to	continue	learning	about	energy	-	finance	.
i	am	still	sure	that	ut	is	the	place	for	getting	an	excellent	graduate	-	level	education	,	so	i	want	you	to	know	that	i	am	going	to	do	whatever	it	takes	to	get	in	next	year	.
i	plan	on	taking	two	or	three	graduate	level	finance	courses	at	the	university	of	houston	this	summer	and	fall	to	demonstrate	to	the	admissions	office	that	i	can	compete	at	this	level	.
i	also	plan	on	trying	to	retake	the	gmat	test	.
due	to	my	disability	,	this	will	be	a	monumental	task	,	but	i	am	determined	to	prove	to	the	admissions	commitee	that	i	can	excel	with	the	work	at	the	texas	university	graduate	school	of	business	.
thanks	again	for	taking	the	time	to	listen	and	talk	with	me	.
it	has	been	a	pleasure	meeting	you	and	i	hope	we	can	continue	to	talk	about	energy	and	finance	in	the	future	.
also	,	if	you	can	think	of	anything	else	i	can	do	to	strengthen	my	overall	application	file	for	next	year	,	please	let	me	know	.
take	care	and	hope	to	hear	from	you	soon	.
sincerely	,
ben	rogers
professor	titman	:
i	would	like	to	thank	you	for	taking	the	time	to	recommend	me	to	the	mba	program	.
in	the	end	,	the	results	were	not	favorable	.
i	understand	that	it	is	a	competitive	process	,	but	i	felt	that	with	my	work	experiences	,	recommendations	,	extrcurricular	activities	,	etc.	,	that	this	would	help	my	chances	and	possibly	compensate	my	disability	.
after	talking	with	you	and	professors	ronn	,	brown	and	jemison	,	i	was	sure	that	ut	was	the	right	place	to	continue	learning	about	energy	-	finance	.
i	am	still	sure	that	ut	is	the	place	for	getting	an	excellent	graduate	-	level	education	,	so	i	want	you	to	know	that	i	am	going	to	do	what	ever	it	takes	to	get	in	next	year	.
i	plan	on	taking	a	couple	of	graduate	level	finance	courses	at	the	university	of	houston	this	summer	and	fall	to	demonstrate	to	the	admissions	office	that	i	can	compete	at	this	level	.
i	also	plan	on	trying	to	retake	the	gmat	test	.
due	to	my	disability	,	this	will	be	a	monumental	task	,	but	i	am	determined	to	prove	to	the	admissions	committment	that	i	can	do	the	work	at	the	texas	university	graduate	school	of	business	.
also	,	i	would	like	to	continue	our	dialague	regarding	creating	an	energy	-	finance	private	equity	fund	at	ut	.
i	know	that	with	my	industry	-	wide	and	investment	banking	contacts	that	i	can	help	raise	capital	for	the	fund	.
i	am	very	interested	in	energy	-	finance	and	think	that	your	idea	is	a	very	good	.
thanks	again	for	taking	the	time	to	listen	and	talk	with	me	.
it	has	been	a	pleasure	to	meet	with	you	and	i	hope	we	can	continue	to	talk	about	energy	and	finance	in	the	future	.
also	,	if	you	think	of	anything	else	i	can	do	to	strengthen	my	overall	application	file	for	next	year	,	please	let	me	know	.
take	care	and	hope	to	hear	from	you	soon	.
sincerely	,
ben	rogers
let	me	know	if	you	have	any	questions	.
thanks
ben
sorry	about	that	,	i	was	working	on	the	teco	o&m	costs	.
thanks
ben
please	send	me	an	excel	spreadsheet	which	depicts	the	value	that	you	see	associated	with	the	heat	rate	spread	option	.
i	want	to	make	sure	that	i	understand	exactly	how	you	propose	valuing	the	transaction	and	how	this	value	would	be	booked	.
as	such	,	please	provide	the	following	detail	:
will	we	be	valuing	/	booking	a	series	of	monthly	call	options	or	a	series	of	daily	call	options	?
what	power	curve	are	we	valuing	the	deal	against	-	pjm	east	or	west	hub	?
please	send	me	the	current	fuel	curve	that	you	are	converting	to	$	/	mwh	to	value	the	deal	?
what	volatilities	are	you	using	to	value	the	options	-	monthly	volatilities	or	intra-day	volatilities	or	a	blend	of	the	two	-lrb-	if	blending	please	show	me	what	formula	you	using	to	blend	the	two	vols	-rrb-	?
what	expiration	date	are	you	using	,	i.e.	:	for	monthly	call	options	the	15th	of	the	relevant	month	,	and	for	daily	options	?
what	correlation	are	you	assuming	,	15	%	flat	for	twenty	years	?
are	you	deducting	all	operating	expenses	from	the	value	of	the	option	?
are	you	using	the	"	sprdopt	"	exotic	options	function	to	value	the	option	?
are	you	using	the	$	/	mwh	vom	dollar	amount	as	your	strike	?
has	don	provided	the	fixed	payment	stream	?
this	stream	should	be	covering	both	p&i	and	not	just	principal	.
yvan	,	and	ben	,	please	provide	answers	to	these	question	via	written	correspondence	so	that	their	is	limited	probability	of	misunderstanding	.
thank	you	both	very	much	for	your	time	and	help	thus	far	.
furthermore	,	i	would	like	to	reiterate	that	rac	's	goal	,	prior	to	quoting	any	credit	reserve	,	is	to	be	100	%	confident	that	:	-lrb-	i	-rrb-	the	methodology	that	is	being	employed	is	consistent	among	the	internal	groups	;	and	-lrb-	ii	-rrb-	the	inherent	value	of	the	price	risk	management	contracts	matches	.
this	enables	rac	to	manage	the	associated	risk	during	the	life	of	the	transaction	both	effectively	and	appropriately	.
regards	,
christopher
randy	,	this	is	the	issue	i	left	you	the	voice	mail	on	.
article	6	of	the	gallup	compression	services	agreement	-lrb-	which	i	am	sending	to	you	separately	-rrb-	with	ecs	obligates	ecs	to	"	work	in	good	faith	with	cdec	"	to	establish	an	automated	system	that	would	automatically	have	alerted	us	to	peak	loading	conditions	on	cdec	's	system	.
we	had	a	pretty	good	idea	when	we	signed	the	contract	that	ecs	would	not	be	able	to	complete	that	by	the	contract	start	date	,	so	we	negotiated	a	fall	back	plan	under	which	ecs	is	obligated	to	"	assist	[	transwestern	]	in	developing	a	manual	system	to	accomplish	the	same	result	and	will	hold	harmless	and	keep	[	transwestern	]	whole	for	all	cost	and	expenses	"	associated	with	the	manual	system	.
we	will	fight	with	them	about	who	owes	the	$	200	k	that	james	mentions	below	based	on	their	failure	to	"	assist	"	us	in	managing	the	cost	.
in	the	mean	time	,	we	need	to	make	sure	that	we	are	doing	everything	we	can	to	get	a	handle	on	the	situation	to	mitigate	future	costs	.
do	we	have	someone	who	is	watching	this	out	there	?
we	are	running	so	full	tilt	on	tw	that	we	may	not	have	as	much	flexibiltiy	to	manage	this	situation	as	we	expected	,	but	let	me	know	what	we	can	do	.
james	had	heard	that	one	hold	up	was	the	absence	of	a	confidentiality	agreement	--	i	guess	between	ecs	and	transwestern	--	that	would	permit	ecs	to	communicate	to	us	the	details	on	how	to	access	teh	key	info.	from	cdec	.
that	sounds	like	a	bs	excuse	from	ecs	,	but	it	that	's	what	they	are	saying	,	let	me	know	and	we	can	figure	out	a	solution	.
thanks	.
df
james	centilli
12/14/2000	02:49	pm
would	you	please	contact	gerald	nemec	and	review	the	gallup	compression	service	contract	in	respect	to	the	load	control	management	.
my	understanding	was	that	ecs	was	to	provide	a	means	to	access	cdec	's	online	profile	in	order	for	us	to	make	a	decision	to	avoid	running	the	compressor	during	cdec	's	peak	load	periods	.
we	have	not	received	access	to	this	information	which	has	resulted	so	far	in	additional	electric	cost	of	$	200,987.33	for	the	period	of	july	through	september	.
additional	cost	will	be	incurred	for	the	remainder	of	this	year	,	that	i	have	not	been	able	to	review	yet	.
this	cost	is	averaging	$	79,000	per	month	if	we	continue	to	run	the	compressor	as	we	have	in	august	and	september	.
good	point	,	but	i	'm	comfortable	we	're	covered	because	our	bidders	were	all	bidding	on	a	chunk	of	capacity	and	primary	points	.
they	are	deemed	to	be	on	notice	that	they	had	alternate	point	rights	-lrb-	it	s	in	the	tariff	-rrb-	and	if	they	wanted	to	submit	a	bid	that	had	a	different	rate	for	primaries	and	alternates	,	they	could	have	done	so	.
none	of	them	did	,	and	most	importantly	,	the	winning	bidders	did	not	.
our	letter	agreement	simply	memorializes	that	we	will	charge	the	same	negotiated	rate	whether	the	gas	flows	on	primaries	or	alternates	.
i	assume	from	your	message	you	are	ok	with	this	and	they	can	get	it	nailed	down	?
df
i	just	got	done	looking	at	the	underlying	contract	language	as	set	forth	in	the	pro	forma	service	agreement	in	the	tariff	and	it	specifically	says	that	the	max	rate	would	apply	unless	a	discount	or	negotiated	rate	has	been	agreed	to	.
my	concern	with	adding	the	language	below	is	,	could	it	be	argued	that	not	everyone	knew	the	rate	would	or	could	apply	at	any	point	,	since	we	just	stated	topack	and	needles	and	if	they	knew	they	might	have	bid	a	different	rate	??
susan	scott
01/11/2001	02:42	pm
after	discussions	with	the	commercial	group	i	propose	that	that	redlined	language	be	added	to	the	attached	dynegy	agreement	and	to	the	4	other	negotiated	rate	agreements	we	've	done	.
if	there	are	any	objections	you	need	to	get	back	to	me	asap	.
pls	print	.
df
in	discussion	with	dave	,	we	thought	it	would	be	good	to	put	this	together	in	a	format	of	questions	and	answers	.
however	,	as	you	will	see	,	the	questions	i	thought	of	got	kinda	long	-	but	i	think	we	need	answers	for	all	of	them	.
one	thought	is	to	have	just	the	agenda	as	a	couple	topics	and	then	lead	in	with	the	first	two	questions	as	i	've	listed	.
please	provide	me	your	thoughts	asap	.
mk
whasssup	?
here	it	is	.
thanks	.
df
here	is	the	attachment	...
attached	is	my	draft	of	a	request	for	rehearing	.
it	incorporates	mr.	stojic	's	and	mr.	kelly	's	initial	comments	.
please	review	it	and	let	me	know	if	you	have	any	comments	on	or	before	tuesday	afternoon	-lrb-	i	will	be	out	of	the	office	monday	-rrb-	.
thank	you	!
ok	.
df
denise	lagesse
01/12/2001	10:34	am
please	approve	susan	's	attached	expense	report	and	forward	to	accounting	with	a	cc	:	to	me	.
thanks	!
forgot	to	cc	you	.
df
drew	fossum
01/12/2001	04:37	pm
ok	.
df
denise	lagesse
01/12/2001	10:34	am
please	approve	susan	's	attached	expense	report	and	forward	to	accounting	with	a	cc	:	to	me	.
thanks	!
lou	,	do	we	have	any	sort	of	policy	on	requests	like	this	?
lee	huber	made	the	same	request	last	year	and	we	gave	her	the	chair	-lrb-	she	only	wanted	one	,	however	-rrb-	.
norma	,	any	thoughts	?
denise	lagesse
01/12/2001	01:14	pm
susan	scott	would	like	authorization	to	order	an	aeron	chair	for	each	of	her	offices	-	on	47	and	41	.
this	particular	chair	is	designed	to	help	with	back	problems	,	which	she	has	.
many	people	at	enron	already	have	this	type	of	chair	,	but	we	rarely	,	if	ever	,	have	a	surplus	because	they	are	so	popular	.
the	cost	is	$	567.77	per	chair	plus	tax	.
please	approve	the	purchase	of	two	.
thanks	!
sorry	,	i	left	lou	off	of	the	message	.
drew	fossum
01/13/2001	09:45	am
lou	,	do	we	have	any	sort	of	policy	on	requests	like	this	?
lee	huber	made	the	same	request	last	year	and	we	gave	her	the	chair	-lrb-	she	only	wanted	one	,	however	-rrb-	.
norma	,	any	thoughts	?
denise	lagesse
01/12/2001	01:14	pm
susan	scott	would	like	authorization	to	order	an	aeron	chair	for	each	of	her	offices	-	on	47	and	41	.
this	particular	chair	is	designed	to	help	with	back	problems	,	which	she	has	.
many	people	at	enron	already	have	this	type	of	chair	,	but	we	rarely	,	if	ever	,	have	a	surplus	because	they	are	so	popular	.
the	cost	is	$	567.77	per	chair	plus	tax	.
please	approve	the	purchase	of	two	.
thanks	!
i	believe	you	got	a	copy	of	the	john	sommer	letter	to	producers	dated	jan	6	that	mkm	's	spies	intercepted	.
she	forwarded	the	sommer	letter	to	stan	and	discussed	it	with	him	.
dari	and	i	vented	our	aggravation	by	drafting	the	attached	letter	to	gibson	and	kyle	complaining	of	sommer	's	duplicity	,	but	after	tempers	cooled	,	mkm	and	i	decided	not	to	send	it	to	stan	or	urge	him	to	send	a	written	response	.
as	it	stands	,	mkm	and	i	will	probably	bring	it	up	with	sommer	in	ok	city	and	strongly	suggest	the	importance	of	coordinated	communication	to	the	producers	.
stan	may	also	bring	the	letter	up	orally	next	time	he	's	on	the	phonne	with	gibson	or	kyle	as	an	example	of	how	not	to	handle	this	situation	.
yea	--	it	was	outstanding	news	!
what	a	hoss	.
ca	n't	catch	you	this	time	but	14721	keep	me	posted	on	your	next	trip	.
df
evan	--
who	is	responsible	for	completing	all	paperwork	for	entering	a	new	market	?
is	it	someone	on	your	team	or	someone	from	cec	?
there	have	been	some	issues	with	getting	everything	coordinated	lately	and	i	wanted	to	make	sure	that	we	knew	who	was	on	point	.
jim
am	i	scheduled	to	attend	?
jim
the	next	meeting	of	the	caem	board	of	directors	will	be	held	on	wednesday	,	september	12	,	at	the	grand	hyatt	hotel	in	washington	,	dc	.
the	meeting	is	being	held	in	conjunction	with	the	third	meeting	of	our	disco	of	the	future	forum	.
-lrb-	please	visit	our	newly	updated	website	www.caem.org	for	more	information	on	the	disco	forum	.	-rrb-
following	the	board	meeting	on	wednesday	,	you	are	invited	to	join	with	members	of	the	disco	forum	for	a	wednesday	evening	reception	and	dinner	,	including	a	guest	speaker	.
board	members	are	also	invited	to	join	in	the	substantive	session	of	the	disco	forum	on	thursday	,	september	13	.
because	of	an	international	medical	convention	ongoing	in	washington	at	the	same	time	as	our	meetings	,	the	grand	hyatt	unfortunately	is	already	booked	.
however	,	we	have	reserved	a	block	of	rooms	at	the	nearby	wyndham	hotel	.
to	reserve	one	of	these	rooms	,	you	must	inform	the	wyndham	staff	that	you	are	part	of	the	caem	group	.
if	you	should	decide	to	arrange	lodging	at	a	different	hotel	,	please	do	so	quickly	as	there	is	limited	availability	in	all	surrounding	hotels	.
we	will	be	making	the	wyndham	rooms	available	to	members	of	the	disco	forum	on	july	20	.
if	you	have	any	questions	or	require	any	assistance	at	all	,	please	contact	hope	duncan	at	202.739.0134	or	jeff	mangold	at	703.729.2710	.
we	are	looking	forward	to	seeing	you	on	september	12	.
hotel	information	:
grand	hyatt	hotel	1000	h	street	nw	washington	dc	20001	phone	:	202.582.1234	or	1.800.233.1234	fax	:	202.637.4781	website	:	http://washington.hyatt.com/wasgh/index.html
wyndham	washington	dc	1400	m	street	nw	washington	,	dc	20005	phone	:	202.429.1700	or	1.877.999.3223	fax	:	202.785.0786	website	:	http://www.wyndham.com/washington_dc/default.cfm
correct	.
is	this	correct	?
if	so	,	i	will	handle	it	.
thanks	jim	.
lora	sullivan@enron
07/19/2001	03:31	pm
dear	linda	,
we	are	receiving	invoices	from	ace	federal	reporters	for	transcripts	of	the	recent	ferc	settlement	conferences	.
linda	robertson	says	they	should	be	charged	to	jim	steffes	'	cost	center	,	etc	.
do	you	want	me	to	send	the	invoices	to	you	?
let	me	know	.
many	thanks	.
lora
lora	sullivan	federal	government	affairs	representative	enron	1775	eye	street	,	nw	suite	800	washington	,	dc	20006	202-466-9142	202-828-3372	-lrb-	fax	-rrb-	email	:	lora.sullivan@enron.com
<	embedded	picture	-lrb-	device	independent	bitmap	-rrb-	>
i	'm	in	all	week	.
jim
can	we	visit	about	what	went	on	with	ursula	at	the	prc	meeting	when	you	catch	up	?
bradley	jr	,	robert	l	,
a	revised	version	of	the	evaluation	form	for	associates	and	analysts	is	attached	below	.
please	disregard	and	destroy	the	form	you	received	on	july	2	,	as	well	as	any	blank	forms	retrieved	from	the	pep	system	prior	to	that	date	.
please	use	the	attached	for	associate	and	analyst	evaluations	.
all	evaluations	for	associates	and	analysts	must	be	completed	using	this	form	.
-	brenner	,	ursula	j.doc	<<	file	:	brenner	,	ursula	j.doc	>>
jean	&	thane	--
can	we	have	a	meeting	this	week	-lrb-	maybe	thursday	at	3:30	-rrb-	to	discuss	this	?
jim
we	do	need	a	formal	plan	.
we	have	been	working	closely	together	to	identify	the	issues	as	they	develop	and	propose	solutions	.
doug	has	been	providing	us	with	the	necessary	specific	market	information	.
we	have	been	successful	in	communicating	that	information	to	the	new	commissioners	and	ercot	and	seeking	resolution	.
the	commission	is	definitely	more	responsive	to	market	participants	that	are	articulating	the	issue	,	providing	specific	examples	and	proposing	the	solution	.
grand	-	standing	is	ignored	.
those	who	show	up	with	complaints	but	can	not	point	to	specifics	are	virtually	ignored	.
those	who	show	up	and	complain	,	but	are	not	participating	in	the	working	groups	and	the	daily	ercot	phone	calls	,	board	meetings	,	etc.	are	ignored	.
doug	and	i	met	with	the	chairman	of	puct	and	have	had	subsequent	conversations	.
thane	and	i	also	visited	with	him	.
pat	wood	made	a	phone	call	to	tom	noel	and	told	him	to	get	the	texas	market	fixed	.
-lrb-	even	though	he	has	bigger	things	to	do	in	d.c.	,	this	is	his	legacy	and	he	recognizes	that	if	deregulation	does	not	work	in	texas	,	the	repercussions	could	be	global	.	-rrb-
chairman	sibley	and	chairman	wolens	-lrb-	of	the	texas	legislature	-rrb-	are	also	engaged	in	market	developments	.
we	have	been	working	with	the	state	affairs	legislative	committee	and	keeping	them	apprised	.
there	is	an	electric	restructuring	committee	hearing	scheduled	for	september	6th	or	7th	.
the	forum	is	expected	to	be	invited	testimony	only	.
those	currently	listed	as	invitees	are	puct	commissioners	and	ercot	's	sam	jones	and	tom	noel	.
the	hearing	is	focused	on	the	pilot	and	we	have	an	opportunity	to	provide	some	probing	questions	for	wolens	to	direct	to	sam	and	tom	.
now	that	sibley	is	not	a	candidate	for	lt.	governor	,	there	is	more	freedom	to	open	up	and	ask	some	difficult	questions	.
thane	is	in	austin	on	friday	,	but	is	available	by	phone	.
i	will	be	on	a	plane	to	houston	at	8:00	a.m	.
can	we	find	another	time	that	works	for	us	to	meet	?
thane	is	in	an	ercot	prs	meeting	friday	from	9:30	until	3:00	.
i	am	available	after	rick	's	friday	budget	meeting	...	are	you	available	then	?
you	are	right	,	we	do	need	a	formal	plan	,	thane	has	started	an	initial	draft	.
thanks	,	jean
jean	&	thane	--
walking	out	last	night	,	kevin	presto	indicated	that	there	were	games	being	played	in	ercot	with	the	new	market	rules	and	prices	in	certain	markets	were	not	reflective	of	working	markets	.
enron	needs	to	use	this	situation	to	quickly	get	our	viewpoints	up	into	the	puct	and	ercot	iso	on	what	is	driving	these	problems	and	our	proposed	fixes	.
if	ercot	goes	the	way	of	california	-	either	due	to	market	power	or	poor	market	design	rules	-	it	will	be	a	bad	day	for	deregulation	and	for	pat	wood	.
as	important	,	the	new	puct	commissioners	need	some	help	right	now	in	messaging	the	market	.
let	's	get	them	to	support	constructive	solutions	that	will	make	a	real	difference	.
jean	and	thane	,	i	think	that	we	need	a	formal	plan	on	what	to	do	over	the	next	3	-	6	months	to	leverage	this	situation	.
i	would	like	to	discuss	this	with	you	on	friday	am	.
i	am	free	at	8	am	on	friday	before	rick	's	budget	meeting	.
jim
fyi	.
you	may	want	to	discuss	with	becky	.
jim
as	an	outgrowth	of	the	meeting	leslie	and	i	had	with	scott	and	hunter	a	couple	of	weeks	ago	,	we	have	begun	work	to	develop	an	electronic	tool	that	would	allow	us	to	provide	ongoing	summaries	of	ferc	gas	activities	,	and	possibly	electric	activities	,	in	a	format	that	can	be	linked	to	the	fundamentals	intranet	site	used	by	the	traders	.
we	envision	a	format	that	would	provide	a	brief	summary	and	analysis	of	the	order	,	filing	,	etc.	with	a	link	to	the	source	document	as	well	for	those	who	would	like	more	detailed	information	.
this	would	replace	the	paper	copies	you	and	your	people	are	currently	getting	.
many	details	remain	to	be	worked	out	,	but	we	will	keep	you	advised	.
in	the	meantime	,	could	you	please	provide	a	contact	on	your	side	with	whom	we	could	discuss	technical	issues	?
what	do	i	need	to	do	?
jim
vince	j	kaminski@ect
04/30/2001	02:28	pm
i	am	forwarding	for	your	attention	the	resume	of	peter	percell	who	has	an	extensive	experience	in	modeling	physical	flows	of	natural	gas	in	pipeline	systems	.
peter	is	looking	currently	for	a	job	.
i	met	him	last	week	at	the	meeting	of	the	science	and	industry	advance	with	mathematics	society	at	the	university	of	houston	.
the	application	of	recent	developments	in	optimization	theory	and	numerical	methods	can	help	enron	to	improve	further	efficiency	of	our	pipeline	system	and	reduce	the	consumption	of	compressor	fuel	.
please	,	let	me	know	if	you	interested	in	introducing	peter	to	executives	in	your	organization	.
i	shall	be	glad	to	make	arrangements	for	an	interview	.
vince	kaminski
peter	percell	<	percell@swbell.net	>	on	04/30/2001	11:16:58	am
i	enjoyed	your	presentation	,	and	meeting	you	briefly	afterwards	,	at	the	siam	workshop	last	friday	.
i	have	extensive	experience	as	a	technical	leader	in	the	design	and	development	of	modeling	and	simulation	software	products	,	mostly	for	the	oil	and	gas	pipeline	industry	.
i	am	looking	for	a	position	that	can	utilize	my	software	development	and	mathematical	skills	.
getting	out	of	the	narrow	confines	of	the	pipeline	simulation	industry	would	be	a	plus	.
please	consider	whether	i	might	fit	in	your	group	.
your	answer	to	a	question	indicated	that	i	have	several	of	the	skills	you	look	for	.
also	,	please	let	me	know	,	by	email	,	the	names	and	contact	information	of	other	managers	within	enron	who	might	benefit	from	having	someone	with	my	qualifications	in	their	group	.
attached	are	my	resume	and	an	addendum	covering	academic	&	consulting	experience	.
publications	are	available	on	request	.
i	will	call	you	in	a	couple	of	days	to	follow	up	on	this	email	.
thank	you	for	your	time	.
peter	percell	10030	doliver	drive	percell@swbell.net	houston	,	tx	77042-2016	-lrb-	713	-rrb-	532-3836	voice	&	fax
-	percell,	peter	resume	only.doc
-	percell,	peter	a	&	c	exp.doc
sorry	i	guess	i	did	n't	read	it	very	well	.
it	's	ok	with	me	.
ok	.
contact	cindy	stark	to	make	an	appointment	.
nasim	h	khan@transredes
04/30/2001	12:42	pm
stan	:
i	will	be	completing	my	tour	of	duty	in	bolivia	in	september	of	this	year	.
i	am	talking	to	a	number	of	people	regarding	opportunities	for	a	new	assignment	back	in	houston	office	.
thought	since	i	will	be	in	houston	,	stop	by	your	office	for	few	minutes	.
nk
stanley	horton@enron
04/30/2001	12:35	pm
what	is	the	subject	matter	you	wish	to	visit	about	?
nasim	h	khan@transredes
04/30/2001	09:24	am
stan	:
i	will	be	in	houston	on	may	11th	and	would	like	to	visit	with	you	in	early	afternoon	if	possible	.
please	let	me	know	what	time	would	work	for	you	.
regards	,
nasim	khan
i	figured	this	posting	belonged	to	one	of	you	.
please	see	the	message	from	danny	jones	.
danny_jones%enron@eott.com	on	04/30/2001	01:39:56	pm
dear	mr.	horton	,
i	have	recently	been	made	aware	of	a	help	desk	analyst	job	#	0000108806	that	has	become	available	in	your	department	.
i	am	currently	employed	with	the	aviation	department	-lrb-	hangar	attendant	-rrb-	of	enron	and	would	like	to	use	my	past	knowledge	and	experience	to	persue	my	goals	in	the	technology	feild	.
i	am	asking	respectfully	if	you	could	give	me	a	recommendation	or	referral	to	ets	technology	department	.
anything	you	could	do	to	help	further	my	goals	would	be	appreciated	.
respectfully	,
danny	jones	281-443-3744	smithjones@ev1.net
i	have	contacted	the	relevant	people	of	your	interest	in	the	job	.
danny_jones%enron@eott.com	on	04/30/2001	01:39:56	pm
dear	mr.	horton	,
i	have	recently	been	made	aware	of	a	help	desk	analyst	job	#	0000108806	that	has	become	available	in	your	department	.
i	am	currently	employed	with	the	aviation	department	-lrb-	hangar	attendant	-rrb-	of	enron	and	would	like	to	use	my	past	knowledge	and	experience	to	persue	my	goals	in	the	technology	feild	.
i	am	asking	respectfully	if	you	could	give	me	a	recommendation	or	referral	to	ets	technology	department	.
anything	you	could	do	to	help	further	my	goals	would	be	appreciated	.
respectfully	,
danny	jones	281-443-3744	smithjones@ev1.net
this	is	ok	by	me	.
rick	looks	like	a	good	candidate	.
ken	rice@enron	communications
05/01/2001	03:48	pm
executive	committee	:
we	would	like	to	pursue	an	offer	to	rick	fehl	prior	to	the	next	executive	committee	meeting	on	may	7	,	2001	.
please	forward	your	comments	or	questions	as	soon	as	possible	.
you	will	find	attached	the	recommendation	letter	and	his	resume	.
regards	,
ken	rice	&	kevin	hannon
this	is	to	advise	you	that	we	have	available	,	for	your	business	or	personal	use	,	stan	's	four	-lrb-	4	-rrb-	wnba	comets	tickets	.
these	seats	are	in	section	104	,	row	d	,	seats	1	-	4	.
their	schedule	is	listed	below	.
please	let	me	know	if	you	are	interested	in	any	of	these	games	.
they	will	be	distributed	on	a	business	basis	first	,	then	personal	use	.
preseason	game	a	:	saturday	,	may	12	@	7:30	pm	vs.	miami	sol
preseason	game	b	:	thursday	,	may	24	@	7:30	pm	vs.	detroit	shock
game	1	:	monday	,	may	28	@	2:00	pm	vs.	los	angeles	sparks
game	3	:	monday	,	june	11	@	7:00	pm	vs.	los	angeles	sparks
game	4	:	thursday	,	june	14	@	7:30	pm	vs.	portland	fire
game	5	:	sunday	,	june	17	@	1:00	pm	vs.	utah	starzz
game	6	:	tuesday	,	june	19	@	7:30	pm	vs.	washington	mystics
game	7	:	saturday	,	june	23	@	3:00	pm	vs.	sacramento	monarchs
game	8	:	monday	,	july	2	@	7:30	pm	vs.	portland	fire
game	9	:	friday	,	july	6	@	7:30	pm	vs.	indiana	fever
game	10	:	sunday	,	july	8	@	1:00	pm	vs.	cleveland	rockers
game	11	:	tuesday	,	july	24	@	7:30	pm	vs.	utah	starzz
game	12	:	saturday	,	july	28	@	12:30	pm	vs.	new	york	liberty
game	13	:	monday	,	july	30	@	7:30	pm	vs.	seattle	storm
game	14	:	friday	,	august	3	@	7:30	pm	vs.	orlando	miracle
game	15	:	monday	,	august	6	@	7:00	pm	vs.	phoenix	mercury
game	16	:	monday	,	august	13	@	7:30	pm	vs.	minnesota	lynx
please	note	that	date	and	time	are	subject	to	change	;	please	check	local	listings	.
thanks	,
cindy	713/853-6197
mailing	them	to	the	house	iis	fin	.
it	will	give	us	some	weekend	reading	!
thanks	.
stephen.dyer@bakerbotts.com	on	05/01/2001	08:50:01	pm
almost	done	with	your	drafts	.
took	me	a	little	longer	to	review	and	revise	adam	's	first	drafts	than	i	had	thought	-lrb-	there	's	a	lot	going	on	here	,	as	you	'll	see	soon	-rrb-	.
i	expect	to	send	them	out	to	you	sometime	tomorrow	.
since	debbie	is	a	client	too	,	i	think	i	'll	just	mail	them	to	your	home	unless	you	prefer	otherwise	.
sd
good	news	.
congratulations	and	good	luck	.
hello	,	bill	!
stan	will	attend	in	person	.
cindy
billy	dorsey@enron_development
05/02/2001	12:03	pm
executive	committee	weekly	meeting
date	:	monday	,	may	7th
time	:	11:00	a.m.	-lrb-	cdt	-rrb-
location	:	50th	floor	boardroom
video	:	connections	will	be	established	with	remote	locations	upon	request	.
conf	call	:	at&t	lines	have	been	reserved	.
please	contact	sherri	sera	-lrb-	713/853-5984	-rrb-	or	bill	dorsey	-lrb-	713/646-6505	-rrb-	for	the	weekly	dial	-	in	number	and	passcode	.
please	indicate	below	whether	or	not	you	plan	to	attend	this	meeting	and	through	what	medium	.
yes	,	i	will	attend	in	person	_______
by	video	conference	from	_______
by	conference	call	_______
no	,	i	will	not	attend	_______
***
please	return	this	e-mail	to	me	with	your	response	by	12:00	p.m.	,	friday	,	may	4th
thank	you	,
bill	dorsey	.
thank	you	for	the	invitation	.
unfortunately	debbie	and	i	will	not	be	able	to	attend	due	to	previous	committments	.
tana	,
please	review	the	process	below	:
with	divisions	,	eol	does	request	a	new	password	application	for	the	applicant	reflecting	the	name	as	you	noted	below	.
when	the	company	is	set	up	in	the	eol	database	we	link	the	company	to	the	parent	and	reference	the	cp	id	.
sam	,	please	confirm	,	global	counterparty	also	provides	the	links	to	establish	correlation	between	the	parent	and	child	for	our	downstream	systems	.
let	me	know	if	this	is	the	appropriate	steps	that	you	would	like	to	see	.
thanks	,
stephanie
sam	&	stephanie	,
re	:	cargill	ferrous	international
it	was	my	understanding	with	the	eol	team	that	all	divisions	would	have	the	legal	incorporated	entity	as	part	of	the	name	.
stephanie	,	i	my	preference	is	to	kick	their	password	application	back	and	get	them	to	change	it	to	read	something	like	"	cargill	ferrous	international	,	a	division	of	cargill	,	inc.	"	or	"	cargill	,	inc.	acting	through	its	cargill	ferrous	international	division	"	.
samuel	schott
03/21/2001	01:58	pm
any	gcp	adjustments	will	be	highlighted	in	red	.
attn.	gcp_london	:
there	's	a	new	eol	counterparty	listed	in	the	uk	.
please	respond	.
best	rgds	.
samuel	x3-9890	enw_gcp
please	see	attached	.
harry	-
are	you	the	right	lawyer	to	look	at	this	?
robert	b	cass
04/16/2001	04:52	pm
please	approve	the	following	product	type	in	datamanager	after	11:00	p.m	.
see	the	steps	for	approval	below	.
us	steel	hot	rolled	plate	phy
website	short	description	of	product	type	:	us	hr	stl	plt	phy
product	type	:
reference	period	:
the	term	of	the	transaction	shall	be	from	the	effective	date	-lrb-	or	start	date	-rrb-	to	the	termination	date	-lrb-	or	end	date	-rrb-	.
the	effective	date	-lrb-	or	start	date	-rrb-	is	01	oct	2001	.
the	termination	date	-lrb-	or	end	date	-rrb-	is	31	oct	2001	.
product	additional	information	-lrb-	example	-rrb-	:
the	transaction	is	for	hot	rolled	steel	with	a	thickness	of	1	"	and	a	width	of	72	inches	.
the	transaction	is	f.o.b.	reserve	marine	terminal	in	chicago	,	ill	metro	area	.
f.o.b.	refers	to	the	following	terms	:	seller	is	responsible	for	freight	,	unloading	and	storage	up	to	and	including	delivery	in	warehouse	,	buyer	is	responsible	for	storage	,	loading	and	freight	after	delivery	.
the	contract	quantity	shall	be	quantity	submitted	by	counterparty	via	enrononline	-lrb-	5	%	greater	or	lesser	allowance	at	seller	's	option	-rrb-	.
each	calendar	month	during	the	term	of	the	transaction	will	be	a	dispatch	period	.
enron	will	guarantee	delivery	by	the	20th	of	each	scheduled	dispatch	period	and	accept	supply	to	the	15th	of	each	scheduled	dispatch	period	.
payment	shall	be	made	,	against	the	receipt	of	the	required	documents	outlined	in	the	general	terms	and	conditions	,	in	the	contractual	currency	by	telegraphic	transfer	no	later	than	30	calendar	days	after	the	date	on	which	the	commodity	is	released	to	buyer	.
currency	:
the	price	is	quoted	in	us	dollars	per	unit	of	volume	,	which	will	be	the	contractual	currency	.
unit	of	measure	:
the	unit	of	measure	against	which	the	price	is	quoted	shall	be	net	tons	-lrb-	2000	lbs	-rrb-	and	the	quantity	shown	shall	be	in	net	tons	per	month	.
steps	for	approval	:
click	the	start	button
select	programs
select	test	applications
select	enrononline	cluster	-lrb-	prod	-rrb-
proceed	with	usual	login	/	password
click	the	enron	online	production	cluster	"	start	"	button
select	enrononline	-lrb-	this	is	the	eol	datamanager	-rrb-
proceed	with	eol	login	/	password
click	on	the	"	+	"	for	enrononline
click	on	the	"	+	"	for	product	types
click	on	the	"	+	"	for	"	awaiting	approval	"	-lrb-	or	"	partially	approved	"	-rrb-
select	the	product	requiring	review	as	stated	in	e-mail	above
right	"	mouse	"	click	on	"	properties	"	to	view	product	set	-	up
to	approve	:	right	mouse	click	on	"	approved	"
thanks	bill	-	appreciate	your	help	!
bill	d	hare
04/16/2001	05:51	pm
we	informed	tana	that	we	made	the	change	in	global	counterparty	to	include	,	"	a	division	of	cargill	incorporated	"	.
we	will	meet	in	the	near	future	to	discuss	the	issues	surrounding	division	and	trade	name	setups	in	global	counterparty	.
bill
bill	-
if	sam	's	description	below	of	the	gcp	procedure	is	correct	,	it	looks	to	me	like	something	needs	to	be	changed	.
the	difficulty	lies	in	the	fact	that	the	confirmation	system	reads	the	counterparty	's	name	from	global	counterparty	.
since	divisions	of	companies	are	not	legal	entities	they	do	not	have	the	power	to	contract	in	their	own	names	.
if	the	correct	legal	name	is	not	in	global	counterparty	,	the	confirmation	goes	out	with	the	wrong	legal	name	on	it	seriously	compromising	the	contract	itself	.
that	is	the	source	of	tana	's	concern	regarding	the	correct	entering	of	divisions	in	the	system	.
my	suggestion	is	that	global	counterparty	use	the	same	name	that	the	customer	has	signed	on	the	enrononline	password	application	--	my	understanding	is	that	the	enrononline	team	returns	inappropriate	applications	to	the	customer	until	they	are	correctly	completed	.
in	this	particular	case	since	the	counterparty	is	still	not	allowed	to	transact	on	enrononline	almost	a	month	after	sending	in	their	application	they	are	understandably	upset	and	are	now	complaining	.
i	would	appreciate	it	if	you	could	get	this	one	fixed	today	and	,	if	you	have	any	problem	with	changing	the	gcp	procedure	,	please	let	me	know	.
mark
tana	jones
04/16/2001	03:11	pm
samuel	schott
03/28/2001	01:09	pm
fyi	...
cargill	ferrous	international	is	set	up	correctly	in	the	global	counterparty	system	as	a	division	of	cargill	,	inc	.
cargill	ferrous	international	is	the	full	name	of	this	division	and	set	up	as	such	in	gcp	with	a	sub	-	to	-	legal	link	to	cargill	,	inc.	per	gcp	procedure	.
also	,	the	global	sap	team	-lrb-	cheryl	johnson	-rrb-	would	need	legal	name	change	documentation	from	the	counterparty	in	order	to	change	this	name	.
best	rgds	.
samuel	x3-9890	-lrb-	gcp	-rrb-	enron	net	works	_	global	data	management
any	updates	on	adding	the	correct	legal	name	to	this	counterparty	name	?
hello	,
yes	,	gcp	provides	the	links	to	establish	the	correlation	between	the	parent	and	child	for	our	downstream	systems	.
gcp	procedure	is	to	create	counterparty	names	that	reflect	either	the	tradename	/	division	name	or	parent	name	--	not	both	simultaneously	.
-lrb-	although	,	we	have	broken	that	rule	for	legal	in	the	past	.	-rrb-
this	defeats	the	purpose	of	using	a	tradename	.
best	rgds	.
samuel
tana	,
please	review	the	process	below	:
with	divisions	,	eol	does	request	a	new	password	application	for	the	applicant	reflecting	the	name	as	you	noted	below	.
when	the	company	is	set	up	in	the	eol	database	we	link	the	company	to	the	parent	and	reference	the	cp	id	.
sam	,	please	confirm	,	global	counterparty	also	provides	the	links	to	establish	correlation	between	the	parent	and	child	for	our	downstream	systems	.
let	me	know	if	this	is	the	appropriate	steps	that	you	would	like	to	see	.
thanks	,
stephanie
sam	&	stephanie	,
re	:	cargill	ferrous	international
it	was	my	understanding	with	the	eol	team	that	all	divisions	would	have	the	legal	incorporated	entity	as	part	of	the	name	.
stephanie	,	i	my	preference	is	to	kick	their	password	application	back	and	get	them	to	change	it	to	read	something	like	"	cargill	ferrous	international	,	a	division	of	cargill	,	inc.	"	or	"	cargill	,	inc.	acting	through	its	cargill	ferrous	international	division	"	.
samuel	schott
03/21/2001	01:58	pm
any	gcp	adjustments	will	be	highlighted	in	red	.
attn.	gcp_london	:
there	's	a	new	eol	counterparty	listed	in	the	uk	.
please	respond	.
best	rgds	.
samuel	x3-9890	enw_gcp
please	see	attached	.
doc	-
i	'll	be	in	town	through	sunday	morning	.
any	chance	we	can	get	together	for	dinner	saturday	eve.	?
mark
i	'm	handling	the	afternoon	--	i	think	that	harry	has	this	morning	.
mhc
can	you	cover	for	me	today	?
i	am	in	mediation	.
i	left	a	voicemail	for	sharon	butcher	,	as	well	,	just	to	make	sure	it	is	handled	.
my	schedule	shows	an	afternoon	session	.
do	we	have	2	sessions	today	?
if	so	,	you	may	want	to	split	and	cover	.
thanks	a	ton	.
i	will	take	you	next	one	in	august	.
thanks	,
kriste
kriste	k.	sullivan	enron	corp.	-	legal	eb	4861	-lrb-	713	-rrb-	853-7557	phone	-lrb-	713	-rrb-	646-5847	fax
i	got	this	.
i	assume	this	is	12:30	central	time	?
when	:	wednesday	,	september	19	,	2001	10:30	am	-	11:30	am	-lrb-	gmt	-	08:00	-rrb-	pacific	time	-lrb-	us	&	canada	-rrb-	;	tijuana	.
where	:	conf.	call
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*
10:30	-	11:30	pst
call	-	in	#	:	800/711-8000
passcode	:	4153030
here	is	the	overview	of	bob	henderson	's	employment	agreement	.
what	do	you	think	?
mhc
michelle	,	please	comment	.
please	send	me	an	email	response	about	whether	you	and	michelle	cash	are	ok	with	what	he	's	written	.
after	that	,	what	do	we	do	?
brad
after	a	conversation	with	ryan	seleznov	i	herewith	like	disclose	in	writing	my	intentions	in	respect	to	dealbench	.
please	see	attached	word	file
best	regards
tobias	munk
please	see	the	attached	.
teresa
please	send	david	lund	copies	of	our	standard	corporate	services	agreement	and	the	standard	assignment	letter	-lrb-	use	bridgeline	example	--	with	and	without	non-compete	-rrb-	.
michelle
we	're	formatting	one	this	week	,	and	we	'll	send	it	when	it	's	done	.
michelle
thanks	very	much	.
do	you	also	have	a	ssd	we	can	use	?
jane
<<	file	:	220b	-	dg	-	agreement	for	recruiting	services.doc	>>	<<	file	:	220a	dg	-	agreement	for	contract	services.doc	>>
here	are	the	sample	agreements	.
please	let	us	know	if	you	need	anything	else	.
thanks	.
diane	goode	senior	specialist
i	agree	also	,	but	i	do	n't	know	all	the	parties	or	complications	involved	.
should	there	be	a	-lrb-	groan	-rrb-	meeting	on	this	?
can	you	please	help	with	this	one	?
i	agree	with	what	the	concern	is	below	.
we	have	gis	ids	,	and	eid	-lrb-	external	id	-	just	like	gis	id	-rrb-	.
i	think	we	should	try	to	migrate	to	one	of	these	.
please	let	me	know	what	type	of	statement	i	should	make	back	to	the	customer	.
thanks	.
kathy	,
per	my	voicemail	message	,	please	review	the	note	below	.
i	'd	like	to	work	with	you	on	a	response	to	this	customer	.
thanks	,
brandee
brandee	sanborn	i.s.c.	customer	care	design	&	process	support	http://isc.enron.com/site
<<	ole	object	:	picture	-lrb-	device	independent	bitmap	-rrb-	>>
ngoc	luan	do@enron_development
08/07/2001	12:36	pm
to	whom	it	may	concern	:
through	tv	and	newspapers	,	i	hear	constantly	about	identity	fraud	using	stolen	social	security	information	.
i	am	very	concerned	about	this	issue	.
i	have	the	following	suggestion	for	our	company	.
since	enron	's	employees	are	assigned	an	sap	identification	numbers	-lrb-	p	number	-rrb-	and	an	hr	number	,	could	enron	as	a	company	use	these	ids	instead	of	the	ss	numbers	?
this	will	be	safer	for	all	employees	.
for	example	,	i	am	concerned	when	i	buy	the	monthly	bus	passes	and	i	have	to	fill	in	my	ss	number	.
i	do	not	feel	secure	at	all	to	see	my	ss	in	so	many	databases	at	enron	,	especially	when	some	databases	are	from	third	-	parties	-lrb-	out	-	sourcing	-rrb-	.
we	could	use	our	badge	number	there	instead	of	our	ss	.
please	let	me	know	how	your	organization	can	help	the	enron	employees	feel	safer	about	the	safeguard	of	their	ss	number	.
please	calendar	and	print	for	my	files	on	this	meeting	.
thanks	.
mhc
all	,
a	reminder	that	the	hr	associate	points	meeting	will	take	place	as	below	:
thursday	,	23rd	august	3.30	pm	-	5.30	pm	-lrb-	eb	46c1	-rrb-	.
the	leads	who	are	responsible	for	associates	are	as	follows	:
sunjay	arya
gary	buck
khymberly	booth
ryan	seleznov
mecole	brown
tim	o'rourke
tana	cashion
sheila	walton
wendy	fincher
sheila	knudsen
karen	phillips
neil	davies
noel	ryan
cindy	skinner
simone	scott	walker
shanna	funkhouser
peer	reviews	are	currently	been	gathered	on	the	above	.
upon	receipt	,	i	shall	forward	to	each	of	you	a	copy	of	the	reviews	for	your	respective	associate	.
in	addition	they	will	be	contacting	you	to	discuss	their	participation	in	projects	outside	their	rotation	.
those	who	are	not	assigned	an	associate	may	also	allocate	points	-lrb-	a	max	of	150	-rrb-	at	the	meeting	based	on	contribution	to	your	areas	for	the	first	review	period	.
if	anyone	has	any	questions	on	the	above	please	let	me	know	.
kind	regards	,
karen	.	x54667
shanna	,	i	spoke	with	per	tonight	about	this	.
let	's	talk	tomorrow	.
thanks	.
michelle
this	is	the	background	to	my	conversation	with	shanna	.
i	have	a	copy	of	the	document	i	can	give	to	you	tomorrow	.
thanks	for	following	up	on	this	.
per
per	-
i	did	not	hear	back	from	shanna	or	sharon	butcher	.
could	you	please	ask	shanna	to	take	this	situation	to	sharon	tomorrow	?
john	,	per	and	i	discussed	the	hostile	environment	issue	and	we	are	both	concerned	that	we	may	have	some	repercussions	.
i	am	vacation	until	the	22nd	but	per	is	up	to	speed	and	i	would	like	to	make	sure	that	you	keep	up	with	him	and	any	hr	/	legal	activity	that	may	occur	.
thank	you
paula
let	's	discuss	exactly	what	is	involved	here	--	confidentiality	,	etc	.
thanks	.
mhc
hi	ya'll	,
i	wanted	to	let	you	know	about	this	before	i	respond	to	her	request	.
let	me	know	if	you	have	any	questions	.
regards	,
sandra
kathy	mcmahon	suggested	that	i	contact	you	in	an	effort	to	gather	information	on	:	enron	's	affirmative	action	policy	and	plans	;	as	well	as	demographic	analysis	of	workforce	-lrb-	gender	,	age	,	ethnic	origin	,	nationality	-rrb-
jeff	skilling	has	agreed	to	work	with	harvard	business	school	-lrb-	hbs	-rrb-	on	a	5	-	year	case	study	called	'	modern	giants	'	.
hbs	will	shadow	enron	and	a	number	of	other	companies	over	the	next	five	years	to	assess	how	we	react	to	market	changes	and	to	see	how	we	morph	during	this	time	period	.
please	let	me	know	at	your	earliest	convience	if	you	can	help	me	.
regards	,
cindy
please	print	all	these	for	me	.
thanks	.
mhc
ryan	,
try	this	.
bob	k
fyi	re	:	nepco	picketing	issues	.
michelle
michelle	,
two	in	one	day	.
we	understand	that	the	pipe	fitters	are	also	planning	to	picket	the	lake	worth	,	florida	project	as	well	.
our	execution	team	needs	to	get	some	guidance	and	planning	for	this	picketing	should	it	interfere	with	the	progress	of	the	work	.
in	that	respect	,	we	need	to	dial	in	rick	johnson	and	olgletree	to	plan	and	communicate	that	plan	to	the	execution	team	.
i	think	the	first	step	is	a	call	between	yourself	,	me	,	mark	stubley	and	mike	indivero	.
and	then	another	call	with	all	folks	or	a	meeting	at	the	jobsite	to	lay	out	the	plan	.
barbara	,	please	organize	a	call	for	mike	,	michelle	,	mark	stubley	and	me	.
thanks	.
david	,
i	have	been	advised	by	our	construction	manager	,	mr.	joe	osler	that	while	he	was	visiting	the	city	of	lake	worth	building	planning	and	zoning	dept	regarding	our	permit	status	he	learned	that	the	pipefitters	have	inquired	about	permit	requirements	to	picket	our	site	.
apparently	the	city	informed	them	that	no	permit	is	required	.
i	have	heard	that	the	pipefitters	have	established	a	picket	line	at	the	payne	creek	site	today	.
we	will	need	local	legal	counsel	to	assist	us	in	this	regard	.
mike	indivero	,	i	understand	that	mr.	mike	croall	's	release	date	from	nepco	is	oct	31	,	2001	.
please	advise	as	to	who	his	replacement	is	and	their	report	date	.
thanks	,
galen	j.	torneby	project	manager	national	energy	production	corporation	-lrb-	nepco	-rrb-	11831	north	creek	parkway	north	bothell	,	wa	98011	usa	tel	:	425-415-3052	cell	:	425-922-0475	fax	:	425-415-3098	email	:	<	mailto:galent@nepco.com	>	mailto:galen.torneby@nepco.com
rick	hopkinson@enron_development
09/16/99	10:07	am
sara	,	trading	is	still	not	settled	.
thank	you	for	the	invitaion	to	the	conference	call	.
i	would	like	both	lynn	and	i	to	participate	.
i	assume	we	should	come	over	eb	.
can	you	tell	us	where	.
thanks
rick
,	do	you	want	us	to	come	over	to	the	enron	b	in	your	call	.
could
sara	shackleton@ect
09/16/99	08:55	am
have	you	decided	who	will	be	assisting	tax	-	wise	for	these	two	countries	?
i	have	a	conference	call	this	afternoon	at	3	pm	-lrb-	houston	time	-rrb-	with	antonio	felix	de	araujo	cintra	from	the	tozzini	firm	regarding	further	research	on	derivative	products	for	trading	in	brazil	.
attached	is	a	summary	of	products	and	the	various	enron	groups	seeking	answers	.
if	you	would	like	to	participate	in	person	or	by	conference	,	please	let	me	know	.
i	will	be	in	sao	paulo	from	sept	20	-	22	and	buenos	aires	from	sept	23	-	24	.
in	brazil	,	i	will	be	meeting	again	with	tozzini	lawyers	.
in	ba	,	i	'll	be	meeting	with	marval	lawyers	.
let	me	know	if	you	would	like	to	participate	in	any	way	.
sara
please	try	to	verify	.
thanks	.
sara
sara	shackleton
09/16/99	10:16	am
how	about	friday	,	sept.	17	,	at	9	am	-lrb-	houston	time	-rrb-	which	is	11	am	-lrb-	sao	paulo	-rrb-	time	?
please	advise	.
sara
___________________________________________
warning
notice	:	this	message	is	confidential	.
if	you	have	received	it	by	mistake	please	let	us	know	by	reply	and	then	delete	it	from	your	system	;	you	should	not	copy	this	message	or	disclose	its	contents	to	anyone	.
thank	you	.
-	em-enro2.doc
the	call	was	cancelled	.
i	am	waiting	to	hear	about	a	possible	call	friday	morning	.
sara
andrea	bertone@enron_development
09/15/99	04:41	pm
yes	.
if	something	happens	that	i	'm	not	able	to	participate	i	'll	let	you	know	.
thanks	.
sara	shackleton@ect
09/15/99	08:15	pm
this	call	has	been	changed	to	3	pm	-lrb-	houston	time	-rrb-	which	is	5	pm	-lrb-	sao	paulo	time	-rrb-	.
please	let	me	know	if	you	would	like	for	me	to	conference	you	in	.
sara
the	draft	you	received	has	been	approved	by	dan	.
if	you	would	like	this	executed	,	please	let	me	know	.
sara
daniel	r	castagnola@enron_development
05/17/99	01:47	pm
sara	:
looks	good	.
dan
sara	shackleton@ect
05/17/99	11:23	am
dan	:	please	see	if	the	attached	draft	works	.
my	extension	is	35620	.
sara
as	a	result	of	our	luncheon	with	the	confirm	desk	yesterday	,	could	someone	develop	a	comprehensive	list	identifying	all	omnibus	attachments	?
if	you	think	any	other	pertinent	information	could	be	included	,	please	feel	free	to	add	it	.
thanks	.
sara
i	e-mailed	your	assistant	earlier	this	morning	and	have	had	no	response	.
can	we	reschedule	the	phone	call	for	9	am	-lrb-	houston	-rrb-	which	is	11	am	-lrb-	sao	paulo	-rrb-	on	friday	,	sept.	17	?
please	advise	.
sara
the	conference	call	has	been	rescheduled	for	friday	,	sept.	17	at	9	am	-lrb-	houston	-rrb-	which	is	11	am	-lrb-	sao	paulo	-rrb-	.
i	will	initiate	the	call	.
if	anyone	would	like	to	be	conferenced	in	or	attend	in	person	,	please	let	me	know	.
thanks	.
sara
i	am	forwarding	to	you	guidelines	prepared	for	global	products	trading	.
it	's	a	good	starting	point	.
i	am	currently	working	on	guidelines	for	argentina	which	will	address	both	physical	and	financial	trading	.
other	"	guidelines	"	exist	in	limited	form	for	the	remote	offices	in	singapore	and	australia	.
i	am	checking	on	london	.
i	'm	not	exactly	certain	as	to	what	you	are	looking	for	.
obviously	the	foreign	offices	have	issues	that	may	not	apply	in	the	us	-lrb-	although	la.	is	about	as	close	as	you	can	get	to	a	third	world	country	-rrb-	.
one	thing	that	does	n't	show	up	in	the	attachment	is	the	swap	eligibility	issue	.
let	me	know	how	i	can	help	further	.
sara
janice	moore
09/03/99	01:57	pm
here	it	is	--	we	printed	this	2	-	sided	and	laminated	it	.
becky	will	bring	you	the	hard	copy	version	.
lunch	date	later	.
see	below	.
it	looks	like	the	2	-	day	l/c	issue	is	an	issue	.
i	'll	call	you	shortly	.
joseph	manogue	at	tiger	called	me	last	night	to	say	he	had	finally	reviewed	the	draft	isda	doc	with	all	agreed	changes	put	in	and	lined	from	original	.
he	faxed	it	to	you	and	will	have	the	original	fedexed	overnight	.
hope	you	'll	have	time	to	review	it	today	.
s&s	has	again	asked	about	the	gtee	and	l/c	wording	.
they	do	not	have	anything	from	us	in	writing	confirming	the	agreed	changes	.
joe	asked	that	you	fax	the	revised	gtee	wording	that	has	been	agreed	-lrb-	i	believe	it	was	our	agreeing	to	reduce	the	claim	period	from	15	days	down	to	5	-rrb-	and	the	new	l/c	wording	-lrb-	drops	the	2	day	period	to	replace	an	l/c	with	a	different	bank	if	the	first	refuses	to	pay	-rrb-	.
i	know	we	talked	about	these	issues	earlier	,	but	tiger	's	lawyers	want	to	get	everything	agreed	in	writing	now	so	final	docs	can	be	issued	for	signing	,	even	if	we	are	the	one's	issuing	the	gtee	and	l/c	.
thanks	!
call	if	you	have	questions	or	if	i	can	be	of	any	help	.
there	is	an	outside	chance	we	could	have	everything	set	to	go	this	week	.
with	best	regards	,
per
hi	back	!
and	happy	new	year	too	!
to	what	do	i	owe	this	small	pleasure	?
i	'm	fine	in	texas	,	still	hanging	out	with	phoebe	and	chloe	,	working	hard	,	etc	.
where	are	you	living	these	days	?
n.o.	?	atlanta	?
memphis	?
eleuthra	?
st.	petersburg	?
amelia	island	plantation	?
i	've	simply	lost	track	!
as	for	me	,	well	,	i	lead	the	simple	life	,	own	a	little	house	in	west	university	,	own	a	little	car	-lrb-	i	had	to	buy	a	new	one	recently	-	the	14	-	year	old	380	se	started	scaring	me	a	bit	-rrb-	,	you	know	,	the	usual	.
are	you	selling	burgers	up	and	down	the	east	coast	?
have	you	gone	international	?
in	a	new	franchise	business	?
how	's	your	family	?
got	to	get	back	to	work	!
this	weekend	i	'm	off	to	sao	paulo	and	buenos	aires	on	business	.
sara
samchawk@aol.com	on	09/11/99	07:48:44	pm
sara	-
happy	new	year	,	stranger	!
hope	all	is	well	.
do	you	miss	me	?
sam
mark	elliott	tells	me	that	you	drafted	some	trader	guidelines	-lrb-	physical	and	financial	-rrb-	for	the	london	traders	.
i	am	trying	to	develop	similar	guidelines	for	the	southern	cone	regions	-lrb-	first	argentina	-rrb-	and	thought	your	expertise	would	be	very	helpful	.
could	you	send	me	a	set	?
i	'm	leaving	for	sao	paulo	on	saturday	but	i	will	be	in	the	office	tomorrow	.
thank	you	for	your	help	.
regards	.
sara
-lrb-	if	.....	-rrb-	-lrb-	iii	-rrb-	definitive	agreements	acceptable	to	party	a	in	its	sole	discretion	regarding	the	debt	and	all	other	aspects	of	[	the	project	to	be	owned	by	party	b	]	,	including	but	not	limited	to	the	senior	debt	facility	,	commitments	and	all	project	documents	,	have	been	fully	negotiated	and	executed	and	the	[	project	]	has	been	brought	to	financial	close	.
fyi
robert	quick
09/17/99	04:50	am
sara	,	here	are	the	trader	guidelines	i	developed	for	uk	gas	,	uk	power	and	nordic	power	.
i	assume	you	need	both	gas	and	power	.
these	are	to	some	extent	country	or	market	specific	.
as	these	guidelines	need	to	be	approved	by	houston	,	i	am	copying	this	to	mark	,	alan	and	jeff	.
tks
sara	shackleton
09/16/99	09:48	pm
mark	elliott	tells	me	that	you	drafted	some	trader	guidelines	-lrb-	physical	and	financial	-rrb-	for	the	london	traders	.
i	am	trying	to	develop	similar	guidelines	for	the	southern	cone	regions	-lrb-	first	argentina	-rrb-	and	thought	your	expertise	would	be	very	helpful	.
could	you	send	me	a	set	?
i	'm	leaving	for	sao	paulo	on	saturday	but	i	will	be	in	the	office	tomorrow	.
thank	you	for	your	help	.
regards	.
sara
please	review	the	attached	memo	to	verify	that	i	have	identified	all	of	the	products	that	you	are	interested	in	trading	in	brazil	.
i	will	be	in	sao	paulo	on	monday	,	september	20	,	1999	.
thank	you	,
sara
jmb	<	jbennett@gmssr.com	>
12/22/2000	06:28	pm
parties	,	attached	is	the	promised	ruling	that	provides	procedural	guidance	for	the	hearings	on	12/27	and	12/28	.
the	ruling	will	also	be	posted	on	the	web	site	as	quickly	as	possible	.
thank	you	for	your	patience	and	i	hope	you	can	take	a	few	moments	to	enjoy	the	holidays	.
--	angela	minkin	administrative	law	judge
<<	1%p701!.doc	>>
note	that	this	communication	is	confidential	,	covered	by	ca	's	settlement	rules	.
"	lindh	,	frank	-lrb-	law	-rrb-	"	<	frl3@pge.com	>
12/21/2000	07:50	pm
confidential	settlement	document	per	cpuc	rule	51
gas	accord	ii	settlement	participants	:
attached	is	pg&e	's	gas	accord	ii	-lrb-	ga	ii	-rrb-	settlement	proposal	.
we	believe	it	addresses	many	of	the	issues	and	concerns	you	have	raised	in	the	workshops	.
as	an	overview	,	this	proposal	:	*	maintains	the	basic	gas	accord	structure	in	place	today	for	the	period	2003	to	2007	.	*
*	offers	end	user	transportation	rates	for	2003	lower	for	most	customers	than	rates	in	effect	today	.	*
*	provides	for	vintaged	redwood	path	rates	for	core	customers	.	*
*	offers	a	7.5	cent	/	dth	rate	to	large	customers	while	minimizing	rate	changes	to	other	customers	,	minimizing	the	incentive	for	these	customers	to	seek	to	bypass	local	transmission	charges	and	other	cpuc	-	approved	charges	.	*
*	adopts	guidelines	to	improve	reliability	and	help	moderate	prices	in	gas	commodity	markets	,	and	identifies	the	capital	projects	needed	to	meet	these	guidelines	over	the	course	of	the	ga	ii	period	-lrb-	2003	-	2007	-rrb-	.	*
*	provides	a	high	degree	of	rate	stability	,	with	a	3.5	%	escalator	to	capture	both	inflation	and	the	cost	of	needed	capital	projects	.
the	guaranteed	rates	will	be	adjustable	only	for	significant	changes	in	the	cost	of	capital	or	increased	costs	due	to	governmental	requirements	or	catastrophic	events	.	*
*	preserves	a	rate	differential	between	the	redwood	and	baja	paths	,	although	somewhat	less	than	the	current	differential	.	*
*	proposes	a	two	-	stage	open	season	for	firm	transportation	services	beginning	in	2003	,	with	end	users	receiving	a	first	option	on	available	capacity	.	*
*	maintains	the	core	aggregation	program	with	some	adjustments	.
pg&e	also	anticipates	that	the	core	procurement	incentive	mechanism	-lrb-	cpim	-rrb-	will	be	similar	to	today	's	mechanism	,	but	will	reflect	the	somewhat	larger	capacity	holdings	needed	to	meet	anticipated	increases	in	core	demand	and	to	meet	a	1	-	day	in	10	-	year	cold	weather	event	.
this	also	will	serve	as	a	reminder	that	an	all	-	party	meeting	is	scheduled	at	pg&e	's	headquarters	in	san	francisco	on	january	10	and	11	,	to	discuss	this	proposal	and	to	respond	to	your	questions	.
we	look	forward	to	answering	your	questions	and	receiving	your	feedback	.
the	attached	documents	include	the	ga	ii	settlement	proposal	,	an	attachment	-lrb-	a	copy	of	pg&e	's	proposed	gas	rule	27	-rrb-	,	and	a	set	of	supporting	workpapers	.
finally	,	please	note	that	the	settlement	document	and	the	attachment	are	in	"	word	2000	"	format	.
we	would	be	glad	to	provide	the	same	documents	in	an	earlier	version	of	word	,	upon	request	by	individual	parties	.
we	look	forward	to	seeing	you	on	january	10	-	11	.
in	the	meantime	,	we	extend	our	best	wishes	for	a	safe	and	happy	holiday	season	.
frank	lindh	ray	williams	-lrb-	415	-rrb-	973-2776	-lrb-	415	-rrb-	973-3634
<<	pg&e	gas	accord	ii	settlement	proposal	12-20-00.doc	>>	<<	proposed	gas	rule	27.doc	>>	<<	cos	&	rates	workpapers	for	ga	ii	12-20-2000	proposal.xls	>>
greetings	judge	minkin	:
this	is	to	inform	that	a	representative	of	enron	corp	would	like	to	address	the	commission	on	the	issue	of	utility	rate	stabilization	plans	at	the	commission	's	hearings	scheduled	for	december	27th	and	28th	.
thank	you	.
sincerely	,
jeffrey	dasovich	director	,	enron	corp
attached	is	a	draft	of	the	talking	points	for	the	commission	's	hearings	.
few	points	:
our	time	is	likely	to	be	limited	to	5	-	10	minutes	.
mike	day	,	our	outside	counsel	,	will	make	the	presentation	on	our	behalf	.
mike	day	is	fleshing	out	the	legal	details	of	our	presentation	and	he	will	forward	that	along	for	folks	review	later	today	.
comments	can	be	forwarded	to	me	via	email	,	pager	-lrb-	888.916.7184	-rrb-	,	voicemail	-lrb-	415.782.7822	-rrb-	,	or	home	-lrb-	415.621.8317	-rrb-	.
we	will	finalize	the	message	points	on	tomorrow	's	daily	call	-lrb-	10	am	cst	-rrb-	.
the	call	in	number	is	800.713.8600	.
code	is	80435	.
the	commission	's	hearings	begin	tomorrow	at	10	am	-lrb-	pst	-rrb-	.
jeff	dasovich
sent	by	:	jeff	dasovich
12/26/2000	03:15	pm
attached	is	a	draft	of	the	talking	points	for	the	commission	's	hearings	.
few	points	:
our	time	is	likely	to	be	limited	to	5	-	10	minutes	.
mike	day	,	our	outside	counsel	,	will	make	the	presentation	on	our	behalf	.
mike	day	is	fleshing	out	the	legal	details	of	our	presentation	and	he	will	forward	that	along	for	folks	review	later	today	.
comments	can	be	forwarded	to	me	via	email	,	pager	-lrb-	888.916.7184	-rrb-	,	voicemail	-lrb-	415.782.7822	-rrb-	,	or	home	-lrb-	415.621.8317	-rrb-	.
we	will	finalize	the	message	points	on	tomorrow	's	daily	call	-lrb-	10	am	cst	-rrb-	.
the	call	in	number	is	800.713.8600	.
code	is	80435	.
the	commission	's	hearings	begin	tomorrow	at	10	am	-lrb-	pst	-rrb-	.
nice	job	.
going	to	be	a	wild	ride	.
that	's	a	very	good	point	.
i	'll	make	the	change	.
best	,
jeff
harry	kingerski
12/26/2000	03:33	pm
jeff	-
instead	of	suggesting	a	specific	rate	increase	-	10	or	15	%	,	i	think	we	should	acknowledge	that	a	"	modest	"	increase	may	be	necessary	and	may	in	fact	be	desirable	-	but	that	the	specific	amount	of	increase	should	be	reasoned	and	subject	to	well	thought	out	evidence	and	hearings	,	not	just	determined	by	whim	.
in	general	,	we	should	not	be	overly	prescriptive	at	this	point	and	i	know	you	agree	with	that	.
otherwise	,	i	think	you	have	captured	the	points	excellently	.
we	're	in	the	process	of	developing	a	strategy	to	take	us	through	the	next	few	months	.
but	while	the	-lrb-	otherwise	perishable	-rrb-	thoughts	are	still	fresh	in	my	mind	from	the	hearings	on	monday	and	tuesday	,	i	wanted	to	throw	out	some	observations	for	discussion	in	the	days	/	weeks	ahead	.
observation	--	the	pressure	to	finger	somebody	for	"	price	gouging	"	is	increasing	.
the	administration	is	hell	bent	on	finding	a	"	fall	guy	.	"
the	price	spikes	pose	real	political	risks	for	davis	and	he	and	his	folks	need	and	want	an	easy	way	out	.
his	press	release	following	the	hearing	renewed	the	call	for	"	refunds	.	"
on	my	panel	,	loretta	lynch	asked	reliant	and	duke	to	supply	her	with	the	details	of	the	contracts	they	cut	to	sell	their	power	forward	to	marketers	.
and	carl	wood	's	remarks	were	extreme	.
at	the	barton	hearing	,	a	liberal	democrat	-lrb-	filner	-rrb-	and	a	conservative	republican	-lrb-	hunter	-rrb-	locked	arms	in	calling	for	refunds	.
bilbray	joined	the	"	gouging	"	band	wagon	.
the	utilities	repeatedly	called	on	ferc	to	do	a	"	real	"	investigation	,	with	hearings	,	testimony	,	data	discovery	---	the	works	.
on	the	positive	side	,	the	ferc	commissioners	lauded	wolak	,	his	analysis	,	and	his	remarks	on	the	panel	.
wolak	said	somewhat	emphatically	that	the	nature	of	california	's	market	structure	makes	it	impossible	to	single	out	a	single	participant	as	the	culprit	.
he	also	stated	that	just	everyone	's	just	acting	in	their	own	self	-	interest	,	responding	to	the	screwed	incentives	embedded	in	the	structure	.
implication	--	it	seems	prudent	for	enron	to	understand	better	its	risks	of	getting	fingered	.
in	the	best	case	,	the	clamoring	for	a	"	refund	"	subsides	.
in	which	case	,	the	only	cost	to	enron	is	the	internal	cost	incurred	to	understand	better	the	risks	of	getting	fingered	.
in	the	medium	case	,	investigations	find	that	enron	-lrb-	like	others	-rrb-	"	played	by	the	rules	,	"	but	the	rules	stunk	,	and	enron	profited	at	the	expense	of	california	consumers	.
you	're	right	,	sue	.
rates	ca	n't	go	up	w/out	declaring	the	rate	freeze	over	in	some	fashion	---	trying	to	finesse	it	.
thanks	very	much	for	the	comments	.
harry	also	had	a	good	comment	---	do	n't	specify	the	amount	of	rate	increase	in	our	comments	;	rather	note	that	the	rate	increase	needs	to	be	well	-	reasoned	and	based	on	facts	and	evidence	.
will	make	that	change	.
shawna	johnson@enron
02/22/2001	04:37	pm
this	is	a	request	for	your	interview	participation	.
the	associate	and	analyst	programs	will	be	on	the	penn	,	undergraduate	campus	interviewing	summer	analyst	interns	next	week	.
due	to	business	reasons	,	previously	scheduled	interviewers	from	the	penn	team	have	had	to	cancel	their	participation	.
currently	,	i	need	three	interviewers	for	thursday	,	march	1st	and	one	interviewer	for	friday	,	march	2nd	.
please	let	me	know	of	your	availability	.
campus	interviews	are	scheduled	as	follows	:
place	:	university	of	pennsylvania
date	:	thursday	,	march	1st	friday	,	march	2nd
day	one	interviews	day	two	interviews
where	:	on	campus	inn	at	pen
time	:	8:00	-	5:00	8:00	-	5:00
interviewers	:	kevin	mcgowan	-	confirmed
jen	fraser	-	confirmed
margaret	rhee	-	confirmed
chris	hilgert	-	confirmed
in	the	event	that	you	have	scheduling	conflicts	and	can	not	participate	,	any	referrals	at	the	director	or	vp	level	would	be	greatly	appreciated	.
as	always	,	thank	you	for	your	time	and	please	contact	me	@	ext	58369	if	you	have	any	questions	.
shawna	johnson	recruiting	coordinator
sorry	about	that	before	.
i	'll	not	say	anything	.
best
jeff
"	scott	a.	kushnick	"	<	skush@swbell.net	>
01/26/2001	12:48	pm
please	do	n't	mention	my	ny	trip	to	anyone	.
keep	in	touch	.
scott
thanks	for	the	update	.
have	you	gotten	a	price	?
doug	leach
01/25/2001	09:40	am
fyi
tom	byargeon	,	kevin	miller	and	ken	loch	in	ena	are	working	with	producers	in	the	us	involved	in	deep	water	offshore	louisiana	/	texas	oil	and	gas	drilling	projects	.
this	financing	activity	was	primarily	started	to	help	ena	secure	long	term	well	head	and	pipeline	natural	gas	supplies	to	supplement	the	gas	trading	desk	activities	.
just	like	what	happened	in	enron	's	initial	vpp	program	they	are	find	more	interest	in	oil	drilling	projects	rather	than	natural	gas	projects	.
they	are	currently	working	on	a	bid	-lrb-	due	1/31	-rrb-	for	the	medusa	project	which	involves	murphy	-lrb-	operator	-rrb-	,	agip	and	callon	in	mississippi	canyon	blocks	#	538	and	#	582	.
the	initial	reservoir	reports	estimate	reserves	of	80	-	120	million	barrels	of	sour	crude	and	they	estimate	initial	production	to	be	40,000	bpd	starting	in	1q	2003	.
quality	is	estimated	to	be	a	mars	type	crude	with	25	-	27	api	gravity	and	1.5	-	2.0	%	sulfur	.
plans	are	to	build	a	private	pipeline	to	equilon	's	west	delta	#	143	platform	and	then	bring	the	oil	onshore	.
peggy	is	finding	out	where	wd	#	143	pumps	to	onshore	.
tom	's	group	would	like	to	know	if	we	have	any	interesting	in	buying	the	crude	on	either	a	fixed	or	floating	basis	.
the	floating	could	be	tied	to	a	platt	's	index	or	the	nymex	.
it	is	far	too	early	to	expect	murphy	to	enter	into	a	physical	or	financial	contract	,	but	tom	hopes	to	get	us	first	and	/	or	last	look	from	murphy	when	the	time	is	right	.
another	alternative	is	to	give	murphy	barrels	at	their	95,000	bpd	meraux	,	louisiana	refinery	in	exchange	for	the	new	production	barrels	.
could	someone	in	your	group	please	give	me	a	notional	non	binding	basis	differential	for	this	quality	of	crude	for	cal	2003	?
please	print
amanda	huble@enron
01/24/2001	01:02	pm
please	address	,	and	i	'll	check	with	legal	as	well	.
we	typically	only	book	deals	when	everything	is	signed	off	.
jeff
david	hoog
01/26/2001	09:37	am
following	up	on	our	discussion	yesterday	;	for	these	types	of	deals	,	i	do	nt	think	it	s	necessary	to	have	all	the	documentation	of	our	counterparty	's	authorization	to	enter	into	the	agreement	.
these	are	short	term	transactions	and	requiring	this	documentation	will	cause	us	to	lose	business	because	competitive	alternatives	do	not	have	such	burdensome	requirements	.
the	primary	reason	we	need	these	things	is	for	the	scenario	where	a	muni	does	a	derivative	deal	with	an	open	-	ended	downside	,	loses	$	50	million	,	and	then	claims	that	it	was	not	a	valid	contract	.
in	our	case	,	they	are	only	hedging	.
we	are	collecting	a	premium	up	front	and	their	total	cost	is	known	up	front	.
therefore	they	will	not	attempt	to	make	this	claim	.
even	if	they	did	,	our	risk	is	limited	to	the	premium	,	not	some	big	payout	.
the	risk	of	losing	business	is	far	greater	than	the	risk	of	a	counterparty	trying	to	get	their	premium	back	.
seems	like	a	5	second	decision	to	me	.
is	it	possible	to	combine	the	standard	isda	and	our	confirm	into	a	single	long	form	?
by	going	away	from	the	standard	isda	maybe	we	can	eliminate	these	requirements	because	the	payout	liability	is	only	1	-	way	.
please	print
rusamarts@aol.com
01/26/2001	11:57	am
dear	mr.	shankman	,
thank	you	very	much	for	your	quick	reply	.
attached	is	my	resume	.
i	highlight	the	relevant	skills	in	the	summary	.
the	position	is	with	the	ees	mmc	east	department	/	wholesale	,	retail	&	comm	,	enron	energy	services	.
it	was	posted	on	dec.	11	,	but	the	human	resource	dept	said	that	if	it	is	still	on	the	internet	,	it	is	open	.
look	forward	to	hearing	your	comments	/	suggestions	.
regards	,
rina
-	enronr~1.doc
yikes	!
that	girl	's	mother	sounds	like	a	real	problem	.
i	'm	not	sure	how	i	would	have	handled	it	.
how	's	school	going	?
any	plans	for	the	weekend	?
alma	martinez@enron
01/26/2001	11:36	am
what	happened	?
here	's	a	story	...	as	i	was	waiting	at	the	bus	stop	-lrb-	7:35	am	-rrb-	to	go	to	school	,	a	lady	approached	me	and	asked	if	i	'd	make	sure	her	daughter	got	on	a	certain	bus	.
the	mother	was	running	late	for	work	and	could	not	wait	.
i	could	n't	say	no	...	so	nicki	-lrb-	the	little	girl	-	10	yrs.	old	-rrb-	and	i	waited	for	the	bus	.
it	was	now	,	8:15	and	there	was	no	sign	of	her	bus	.
on	top	of	things	,	i	had	quiz	at	8	am	.
which	i	then	realized	i	missed	.
i	decided	that	nicki	would	just	have	to	wait	on	her	own	.
i	asked	her	if	she	had	any	relatives	that	would	want	to	know	of	her	whereabouts	.
i	called	her	grandmother	and	explained	things	to	her	.
pretty	strange	...	aye	.
a	bus	that	runs	through	uofh	arrived	and	i	almost	got	on	without	her	,	but	i	could	n't	do	it	.
finally	,	i	told	the	little	girl	that	she	would	have	to	accompany	me	to	school	-lrb-	8:30	am	-rrb-	.
there	were	only	15	minutes	left	of	class	.
i	stayed	for	the	remainder	of	the	lecture	.
after	class	we	went	back	to	bus	stop	and	within	minutes	her	bus	arrived	.
i	told	the	bus	driver	where	to	drop	her	off	.
i	notified	her	grandmother	with	the	time	of	the	departure	.
and	i	was	relieved	when	nicki	called	to	let	me	know	she	was	home	safe	.
please	send	the	memo	to	the	egm	business	heads	as	well	.
thanks	.
jeff
jana	giovannini
01/26/2001	10:51	am
actually	,	jen	has	volunteered	for	the	afternoon	session	.
i	spoke	to	her	prior	to	my	note	.
is	there	anyone	else	in	egm	that	could	participate	?
please	let	me	know	.
thanks	.
jen	,	please	take	care	of	this	for	egm
jana	giovannini
01/24/2001	11:42	am
all	,
the	analyst	and	associate	programs	recognize	we	have	many	analyst	needs	that	need	to	be	addressed	immediately	.
while	we	anticipate	many	new	analysts	joining	enron	this	summer	-lrb-	late	may	-rrb-	and	fulltime	-lrb-	august	-rrb-	we	felt	it	necessary	to	address	some	of	the	immediate	needs	with	an	off	-	cycle	recruiting	event	.
we	are	planning	this	event	for	thursday	,	february	15	and	are	inviting	approximately	30	candidates	to	be	interviewed	.
i	am	asking	that	you	forward	this	note	to	any	potential	interviewers	-lrb-	managers	or	above	-rrb-	.
we	will	conduct	first	round	interviews	in	the	morning	and	the	second	round	interviews	in	the	afternoon	.
we	need	for	interviewers	to	commit	either	to	the	morning	-lrb-	9	am	-	12	pm	-rrb-	or	afternoon	-lrb-	2	pm	-	5	pm	-rrb-	complete	session	.
please	submit	your	response	using	the	buttons	below	and	update	your	calendar	for	this	date	.
in	addition	,	we	will	need	the	groups	that	have	current	needs	to	commit	to	taking	one	or	more	of	these	analysts	should	they	be	extended	an	offer	.
thanks	in	advance	for	your	cooperation	.
thank	you	,
jana
where	does	our	50	%	-lrb-	the	1.65	million	dollars	-rrb-	show	up	?
can	you	provide	me	with	more	details	?
great	job	,	guys	.
eric	gonzales
01/25/2001	02:02	am
great	job	gentlemen	!
this	deviation	shows	that	eco	definitely	has	a	significant	amount	of	option	value	which	can	be	exploited	with	quick	reactions	and	favourable	market	movements	.
eric
wayne	perry@enron_development
25/01/2001	00:20
finally	completed	tonight
net	to	enron	lng	marketing	company	-	$	272,000	-lrb-	$	0.10	/	mmbtu	-rrb-
net	to	eco	about	$	3,300,000	-lrb-	enron	50	%	share	about	$	1,650,000	-rrb-
enron	total	gain	not	counting	ena	's	trading	desk	margin	is	$	1,922,000
not	bad	for	a	single	cargo	.
wayne
jen	,	please	take	care	of	this	for	egm
marianne	:	the	following	are	my	comments	:
1	.	in	section	1.1	,	there	should	be	a	parentheses	after	etc.	in	the	5th	line	.
2	.	in	section	3.1	,	in	the	last	sentence	after	the	proviso	insert	"	a	"	before	the	word	"	change	"	and	after	the	word	"	in	"	.
3	.	in	section	6.1	,	change	20	business	days	to	20	days	.
also	,	add	a	semicolon	at	the	end	of	clause	-lrb-	i	-rrb-	.
4	.	in	section	6.2.1	i	'll	just	note	that	the	discount	rate	sentence	i	think	is	still	an	open	issue	.
5	.	in	section	6.3	,	clause	-lrb-	c	-rrb-	should	be	reworded	to	fit	with	the	language	in	the	beginning	of	the	section	.
6	.	capitalize	the	word	"	facility	"	in	the	definition	of	average	annual	load	factor	.
7	.	delete	the	definition	of	costs	as	it	is	already	defined	in	section	6.2.1	.
8	.	where	is	the	defined	term	govt	authority	used	?
9	.	in	the	gtc	,	the	ecp	rep	should	also	apply	to	eesi	.
also	,	in	the	7th	line	of	the	reps	add	the	word	"	into	"	after	the	word	"	entered	"	and	before	the	word	"	this	"	.
10	.	in	collateral	requests	,	insert	a	comma	after	deposit	in	the	last	line	.
i	will	also	add	granting	/	perfection	language	.
11	.	in	events	of	default	,	clause	-lrb-	a	-rrb-	refers	to	a	dispute	section	which	i	'm	not	sure	exists	.
in	clause	-lrb-	e	-rrb-	,	delete	the	"	s	"	:	from	the	word	consolidation	.
12	.	remedies	should	be	deleted	as	it	is	already	covered	in	section	6.1	.
13	.	in	ucc	/	disclaimer	of	warranties	,	add	a	clause	-lrb-	c	-rrb-	.
i	would	add	setoff	language	.
carol	st.	clair	eb	3889	713-853-3989	-lrb-	phone	-rrb-	713-646-3393	-lrb-	fax	-rrb-	carol.st.clair@enron.com
marianne	castano@ees
05/30/2001	11:05	am
carol	:
i	have	attempted	to	incorporate	the	changes	that	jim	has	incorporated	in	our	long	form	power	agreement	which	ena	has	suggested	to	date	into	the	short	form	.
attached	please	find	a	sample	short	form	-lrb-	for	the	con	ed	market	-rrb-	for	your	review	.
please	note	the	following	as	you	review	:
1	.	the	short	forms	do	not	contain	the	optionality	relating	to	our	performing	billing	services	--	all	of	our	midmarket	forms	anticipate	that	we	will	act	as	customer	's	billing	agent	and	that	we	will	collect	all	amounts	due	related	to	t&d	and	the	like	from	the	customer	-lrb-	and	reflect	same	on	our	invoice	-rrb-	and	pass	those	amounts	on	to	the	customer	's	utility	.
2	.	i	did	not	include	a	"	setoff	"	provision	in	this	draft	,	mainly	because	the	vast	majority	of	the	time	,	we	will	not	,	nor	will	an	affiliate	,	have	another	agreement	in	place	with	these	customers	.
if	you	feel	strongly	about	our	including	a	setoff	provision	,	we	will	do	so	.
3	.	the	change	in	law	provision	reads	a	bit	differently	from	the	long	form	--	the	thinking	here	is	that	the	long	form	language	is	very	lengthy	and	rather	harsh	-lrb-	and	we	've	had	great	difficulty	selling	it	in	the	past	-rrb-	.
taking	into	consideration	this	class	of	customer	,	we	decided	to	include	certain	items	,	including	our	inability	to	cover	our	costs	due	to	a	change	in	law	,	rules	or	practices	as	a	"	force	majeure	event	"	in	an	effort	to	soften	the	approach	-lrb-	see	the	gtcs	-rrb-	.
also	we	do	not	address	calculation	of	a	termination	payment	in	the	event	of	a	change	in	law	as	the	long	form	does	--	again	,	more	in	the	interest	of	"	saving	space	"	than	anything	else	...
let	us	know	your	thoughts	on	this	document	and	if	you	are	comfortable	with	our	using	this	until	such	time	as	the	hybrid	form	is	launched	.
if	you	are	comfortable	,	we	will	drive	these	changes	into	our	other	midmarket	power	forms	.
thanks	again	for	your	help	with	this	project	,
marianne
p.s.	please	be	sure	to	copy	sarah	dietrich	and	jennifer	hillegonds	on	your	response	--	they	will	be	taking	this	project	during	my	"	hiatus	"	--	i	am	moving	to	pa	on	friday	of	this	week	,	and	will	be	out	of	pocket	through	approximately	7/16	.
i	will	start	up	again	in	mid-july	...
john	:
i	have	faxed	to	you	the	form	of	bond	,	our	proposed	bond	provisions	and	the	eei	master	.
i	am	waiting	on	the	confirms	and	will	send	them	to	you	shortly	by	fax	or	e-mail	.
carol	st.	clair	eb	3889	713-853-3989	-lrb-	phone	-rrb-	713-646-3393	-lrb-	fax	-rrb-	carol.st.clair@enron.com
carol	st.	clair	eb	3889	713-853-3989	-lrb-	phone	-rrb-	713-646-3393	-lrb-	fax	-rrb-	carol.st.clair@enron.com
carol	st	clair
05/31/2001	09:01	am
phyllis	:
our	letter	of	credit	person	would	be	more	comfortable	if	we	deleted	all	of	the	language	that	makes	the	lc	transferable	.
are	you	okay	with	that	?
if	so	,	are	we	ready	to	execute	?
carol	st.	clair	eb	3889	713-853-3989	-lrb-	phone	-rrb-	713-646-3393	-lrb-	fax	-rrb-	carol.st.clair@enron.com
lemelpe@nu.com
05/30/2001	03:00	pm
carol	:
i	understand	that	we	are	still	reviewing	the	attachment	that	lists	the	open	transactions	.
how	are	you	making	out	on	the	revised	version	of	the	loc	?
marianne	:
in	addition	to	my	other	comments	on	the	mid	market	power	form	,	i	think	you	should	add	a	forward	contract	rep	.
carol	st.	clair	eb	3889	713-853-3989	-lrb-	phone	-rrb-	713-646-3393	-lrb-	fax	-rrb-	carol.st.clair@enron.com
christie	or	cass	:
are	we	playing	tomorrow	at	9:30	?
carol	st.	clair	eb	3889	713-853-3989	-lrb-	phone	-rrb-	713-646-3393	-lrb-	fax	-rrb-	carol.st.clair@enron.com
rhonda	:
as	i	mentioned	in	my	e-mail	,	john	lepore	at	select	energy	-lrb-	settlements	group	-rrb-	is	trying	to	reconcile	our	list	with	his	list	.
he	needs	more	info	about	these	trades	-lrb-	i.e.	,	price	info	-rrb-	and	would	like	to	talk	with	you	about	it	.
his	number	is	860-665-2368	and	e-mail	address	is	leporjj@selectenergy.com	.
once	we	agree	on	the	list	,	we	can	sign	the	eei	master	.
carol	st.	clair	eb	3889	713-853-3989	-lrb-	phone	-rrb-	713-646-3393	-lrb-	fax	-rrb-	carol.st.clair@enron.com
rhonda	l	denton
05/25/2001	12:45	pm
here	's	everything	that	flows	from	5/1/01	forward	.
carol	st	clair	05/25/2001	12:01	pm
we	need	to	include	all	outstanding	transactions	.
thanks	.
carol	st.	clair	eb	3889	713-853-3989	-lrb-	phone	-rrb-	713-646-3393	-lrb-	fax	-rrb-	carol.st.clair@enron.com
rhonda	l	denton
05/25/2001	11:45	am
do	you	want	6/1/01	and	forward	or	do	you	want	to	include	all	of	may	since	they	have	not	been	settled	?
just	let	me	know	and	i	can	send	you	a	new	attachment	.
carol	st	clair	05/25/2001	10:56	am
rhonda	:
does	attachment	a	to	the	select	eei	master	need	to	be	updated	or	is	the	version	that	you	sent	to	me	the	current	version	?
carol	st.	clair	eb	3889	713-853-3989	-lrb-	phone	-rrb-	713-646-3393	-lrb-	fax	-rrb-	carol.st.clair@enron.com
lemelpe@nu.com
05/25/2001	10:44	am
carol	-
i	think	valerie	mooney	-lrb-	our	credit	person	-rrb-	and	ed	sacks	are	still	discussing	some	minor	fine	tuning	of	the	loc	format	.
i	spoke	to	bob	bruce	this	morning	-	we	're	all	set	on	the	language	in	the	schedule	to	the	isda	,	and	there	is	a	minor	credit	/	billing	issue	in	paragraph	13	related	to	the	timing	of	transfer	of	interest	on	collateral	that	val	will	discuss	with	ed	as	well	.
as	far	as	the	eei	goes	,	the	only	remaining	issue	that	i	'm	aware	of	-lrb-	aside	from	finalizing	the	loc	-rrb-	is	whether	we	've	finished	coordinating	the	attachment	containing	the	list	of	prior	transactions	.
sounds	like	we	may	actually	get	these	documents	executed	early	next	week	.
phyllis	lemell
carol	st.	clair	eb	3889	713-853-3989	-lrb-	phone	-rrb-	713-646-3393	-lrb-	fax	-rrb-	carol.st.clair@enron.com
rhonda	l	denton
06/01/2001	03:20	pm
i	am	missing	deal	no.	74419	on	your	sheet	.
it	is	enpower	no.	295870	.
will	fax	.
rhonda	:
thanks	so	much	for	your	help	on	this	.
carol	st.	clair	eb	3889	713-853-3989	-lrb-	phone	-rrb-	713-646-3393	-lrb-	fax	-rrb-	carol.st.clair@enron.com
rhonda	l	denton
06/01/2001	03:20	pm
i	am	missing	deal	no.	74419	on	your	sheet	.
it	is	enpower	no.	295870	.
will	fax	.
carol	st.	clair	eb	3889	713-853-3989	-lrb-	phone	-rrb-	713-646-3393	-lrb-	fax	-rrb-	carol.st.clair@enron.com
rhonda	l	denton
06/01/2001	03:20	pm
i	am	missing	deal	no.	74419	on	your	sheet	.
it	is	enpower	no.	295870	.
will	fax	.
phyllis	:
we	can	accept	the	language	with	your	chnages	.
are	we	ready	to	execute	?
i	am	out	of	the	office	today	but	will	be	back	tomorrow	.
please	call	me	.
thanks	.
carol	st.	clair	eb	3889	713-853-3989	-lrb-	phone	-rrb-	713-646-3393	-lrb-	fax	-rrb-	carol.st.clair@enron.com
lemelpe@nu.com
06/04/01	08:38	am
carol	-
our	credit	person	does	n't	understand	why	the	transferability	language	needs	to	be	eliminated	.
it	simply	refers	to	the	same	icc	publication	for	the	transfer	process	that	governs	the	letter	of	credit	generally	.
is	there	some	specific	concern	that	we	can	address	?
russell	:
your	comments	to	the	transfer	agreement	were	fine	.
with	respect	to	the	guaranty	,	i	will	delete	the	schedule	.
our	system	did	not	show	any	other	chnages	.
were	there	any	?
carol
yes	.
carol	st.	clair	eb	3889	713-853-3989	-lrb-	phone	-rrb-	713-646-3393	-lrb-	fax	-rrb-	carol.st.clair@enron.com
all	,
please	see	the	attached	interconnect	agreement	with	questar	.
i	wanted	you	all	to	have	a	look	at	what	we	believe	is	the	final	draft	.
it	is	a	fairly	standard	,	fully	reimbursable	interconnect	with	questar	.
transwestern	will	own	and	operate	the	interconnect	.
you	will	notice	that	questar	has	requested	a	"	payment	plan	"	that	details	when	they	will	pay	transwestern	for	the	interconnect	due	to	the	recent	enron	events	.
if	anyone	has	any	questions	or	concerns	about	the	timing	of	these	payments	,	please	give	me	a	call	.
also	,	you	will	notice	this	interconnect	may	not	be	subject	to	the	ciac	tax	gross	up	,	but	to	protect	ourselves	,	we	have	added	language	in	para	3.2	that	protects	us	financially	if	the	irs	ever	comes	back	to	determine	that	this	interconnect	is	subject	to	the	ciac	tax	.
robert	guthrie	with	the	tax	department	has	worked	with	us	to	develop	this	language	.
we	hope	to	execute	this	agreement	this	week	.
if	you	have	any	comments	,	please	let	me	know	.
after	execution	,	we	will	forward	a	final	copy	to	you	for	your	files	.
thanks	,
kim	713-853-3098
<<	file	:	questar	so	trails	hub	interconnect	02-05-02.doc	>>
earl	,
we	are	looking	at	putting	the	metering	facilities	on	their	row	-lrb-	also	,	i	think	we	will	have	to	purchase	about	50	ft	of	row	from	elpaso	to	get	to	questar	's	property	-rrb-	.
as	you	look	at	this	,	if	for	some	reason	we	can	not	obtain	elpaso	row	,	we	will	have	to	look	at	plan	b	which	would	be	to	put	the	metering	on	our	row	.
our	in	-	service	date	is	may	1	.
if	you	think	that	may	1	may	be	difficult	due	to	receiving	the	parts	/	materials	on	a	timely	basis	because	of	the	issues	that	vendors	may	have	with	us	because	of	recent	enron	events	,	please	let	me	know	.
questar	has	already	informed	us	that	they	would	help	obtain	parts	/	materials	to	our	specifications	if	it	helps	achieve	an	in	-	service	date	of	may	1	.
thanks	,	kim	.
kim
has	a	location	,	theirs	or	tw	land	/	row	,	been	settled	and	when	is	the	required	in	-	service	date	?
thanks
earl	chanley	505-625-8031
all	,
please	see	the	attached	interconnect	agreement	with	questar	.
i	wanted	you	all	to	have	a	look	at	what	we	believe	is	the	final	draft	.
it	is	a	fairly	standard	,	fully	reimbursable	interconnect	with	questar	.
transwestern	will	own	and	operate	the	interconnect	.
you	will	notice	that	questar	has	requested	a	"	payment	plan	"	that	details	when	they	will	pay	transwestern	for	the	interconnect	due	to	the	recent	enron	events	.
if	anyone	has	any	questions	or	concerns	about	the	timing	of	these	payments	,	please	give	me	a	call	.
also	,	you	will	notice	this	interconnect	may	not	be	subject	to	the	ciac	tax	gross	up	,	but	to	protect	ourselves	,	we	have	added	language	in	para	3.	that	protects	us	financially	if	the	irs	ever	comes	back	to	determine	that	this	interconnect	is	subject	to	the	ciac	tax	.
robert	guthrie	with	the	tax	department	has	worked	with	us	to	develop	this	language	.
we	hope	to	execute	this	agreement	this	week	.
if	you	have	any	comments	,	please	let	me	know	.
after	execution	,	we	will	forward	a	final	copy	to	you	for	your	files	.
thanks	,
kim	713-853-3098
<<	file	:	questar	so	trails	hub	interconnect	02-05-02.doc	>>
are	you	back	in	the	office	yet	?
we	've	booked	italy	tickets	this	week	for	departing	houston	on	friday	,	may	24	to	newark	/	rome	and	returning	on	sunday	,	june	9	from	rome	to	newark	/	houston	.
ticket	price	was	$	1,183	per	ticket	.
paul	and	judy	are	on	board	.
can	you	and	tom	join	us	?
janell	and	dennis	will	not	be	able	to	go	anywhere	in	2002	due	to	janell	's	broken	leg	.
please	call	me	,	let	's	discuss	.
thanks	,
kim	x33098
john	,	sorry	for	the	late	response	,	but	i	think	you	can	implement	immediately	.
i	was	in	a	meeting	last	week	and	this	was	discussed	-lrb-	i	do	n't	remember	if	you	were	there	or	not	-rrb-	but	i	'm	thinking	that	you	may	have	already	proceeded	ahead	for	implementation	which	is	great	,	thanks	!
kim	.
the	telephony	group	has	the	new	tw	hotline	number	and	extensions	ready	for	use	,	i	have	the	solution	center	entering	the	greetings	and	terry	kowalke	has	a	new	form	and	procedure	for	the	customer	service	reps.	to	use	for	updates	.
how	much	notification	would	you	like	to	give	the	tw	customers	before	implementing	the	new	tw	hotline	phone	number	?
we	can	do	a	popup	notification	along	with	changing	the	number	on	the	web	page	,	we	can	also	put	out	a	critical	message	which	will	send	an	email	to	customers	.
do	you	think	we	need	to	do	more	?
thanks	:	john	buchanan
yes	,	thanks	.
i	was	aware	.
i	just	could	n't	remember	if	it	was	you	or	terry	.
thanks	,	kim	.
kim	,
the	new	tw	hotline	was	implemented	monday	which	included	customer	notification	in	the	form	of	a	popup	message	in	tms	and	a	critical	notice	which	sent	an	email	.
the	new	hotline	phone	number	is	713-853-3044	.
i	was	under	the	impression	that	terry	kowalke	had	notified	you	of	the	implementation	,	tk	was	also	made	aware	.
john	buchanan
john	,	sorry	for	the	late	response	,	but	i	think	you	can	implement	immediately	.
i	was	in	a	meeting	last	week	and	this	was	discussed	-lrb-	i	do	n't	remember	if	you	were	there	or	not	-rrb-	but	i	'm	thinking	that	you	may	have	already	proceeded	ahead	for	implementation	which	is	great	,	thanks	!
kim	.
the	telephony	group	has	the	new	tw	hotline	number	and	extensions	ready	for	use	,	i	have	the	solution	center	entering	the	greetings	and	terry	kowalke	has	a	new	form	and	procedure	for	the	customer	service	reps.	to	use	for	updates	.
how	much	notification	would	you	like	to	give	the	tw	customers	before	implementing	the	new	tw	hotline	phone	number	?
we	can	do	a	popup	notification	along	with	changing	the	number	on	the	web	page	,	we	can	also	put	out	a	critical	message	which	will	send	an	email	to	customers	.
do	you	think	we	need	to	do	more	?
thanks	:	john	buchanan
here	it	is	.
k	.
see	the	attached	spreadsheet	.
let	me	know	if	you	have	any	questions	.
jan	,
these	numbers	are	slightly	different	from	the	ones	you	put	together	a	few	weeks	ago	.
are	you	comfortable	with	the	difference	?
any	thoughts	?
no	hurry	,	i	was	just	wondering	.
thanks	,
kim	.
attached	is	the	tw	top	ten	shippers	by	revenues	for	the	year	2001	to	be	reported	in	the	browncover	report	.
note	:
total	transportation	invoiced	for	2001	was	$	180.9	m	.
the	amount	of	transportation	revenues	recorded	in	the	general	ledger	is	$	165.9	m	.
this	difference	is	mainly	due	to	the	following	:
$	10.0	m	-	negotiated	rates	reserve	-lrb-	reliant	,	sempra	,	richardson	,	astr	,	and	bp	energy	-rrb-	-	$	collected
$	2.7	m	-	socal	rate	issue	-	$	not	collected
$	1.8	m	-	additional	month	of	pge	revenues	due	to	prepayment	invoicing	beginning	in	2001	-	$	collected
revenues	for	these	customers	were	adjusted	according	.
also	,	revenues	for	the	shippers	acquiring	released	volumes	from	pge	at	rates	above	tw	's	tariff	rates	were	adjusted	accordingly	.
please	call	me	at	x36709	if	there	are	questions
thanks	,
richard
kyle	,
sorry	for	not	sending	this	yesterday	.
monday's	are	always	tough	.
please	review	and	let	me	know	what	you	think	.
let	's	talk	before	i	leave	town	next	wednesday	.
thanks	,
kim	.
kim	,
here	is	the	job	description	and	the	operational	accountabilities	for	the	position	i	mentioned	to	you	last	sunday	.
as	you	can	see	it	will	take	someone	with	some	very	good	skills	in	organizing	and	interpersonal	relationships	.
it	will	also	require	someone	who	is	fairly	mature	in	their	own	spiritual	journey	.
if	you	know	someone	who	might	fit	the	bill	ask	them	to	contact	me	and	/	or	send	me	their	resume	.
see	you	sunday	.
tom
thomas	w.	daugherty	vice	president	for	spiritual	care	methodist	health	care	system	6565	fannin	street	,	d	-	200	houston	,	texas	77030-2707	office	:	713-793-1429	page	:	281-735-5919	cell	:	713-819-2784	fax	:	713-790-2605
mansoor	,
let	's	discuss	.
kim	.
kim
the	in	-	service	date	of	may	1	,	will	be	very	difficult	to	attain	.
since	the	bankruptcy	filing	,	vendors	have	been	very	reluctant	to	ship	material	prior	to	it	being	prepaid	-lrb-	daniels	,	fisher	,	rosemont	,	other	-rrb-	.
these	are	the	vendors	of	instrumentation	required	for	the	interconnect	.
questar	may	be	able	to	purchase	material	,	but	some	of	the	items	can	have	up	to	a	60	day	delivery	.
-lrb-	from	time	pa	approved	and	funded	to	in	-	service	will	be	75	days	at	most	.
we	have	worked	with	daniels	on	a	chromatograph	on	another	project	and	prepayment	has	taken	45	days	alone	.
daniels	is	not	set	up	for	prepayments	as	they	bill	off	an	invoice	and	the	main	office	and	accounting	had	to	create	an	invoice	for	a	chromatograph	that	had	not	been	delivered	.
not	the	usual	mode	of	operations	.
the	i/c	design	is	for	a	ultrasonic	meter	and	this	is	dependent	on	their	testing	schedule	-lrb-	canada	or	kansas	are	the	only	two	places	to	test	to	100	%	of	design	-rrb-	.
will	confirm	testing	schedule	and	delivery	dates	with	ultrasonic	asap	.
we	will	try	to	complete	the	i/c	with	the	earliest	in	-	service	date	possible	,	but	with	conditions	as	they	are	,	a	realistic	date	would	be	june	15	,	2002	.
if	you	have	questions	or	issues	,	please	let	me	know	.
thanks
earl	chanley	505-625-8031
earl	,
we	are	looking	at	putting	the	metering	facilities	on	their	row	-lrb-	also	,	i	think	we	will	have	to	purchase	about	50	ft	of	row	from	elpaso	to	get	to	questar	's	property	-rrb-	.
as	you	look	at	this	,	if	for	some	reason	we	can	not	obtain	elpaso	row	,	we	will	have	to	look	at	plan	b	which	would	be	to	put	the	metering	on	our	row	.
our	in	-	service	date	is	may	1	.
if	you	think	that	may	1	may	be	difficult	due	to	receiving	the	parts	/	materials	on	a	timely	basis	because	of	the	issues	that	vendors	may	have	with	us	because	of	recent	enron	events	,	please	let	me	know	.
questar	has	already	informed	us	that	they	would	help	obtain	parts	/	materials	to	our	specifications	if	it	helps	achieve	an	in	-	service	date	of	may	1	.
thanks	,
kim	.
listening	to	the	edison	call	w/	investors	edison	says	they	will	pay	everyone	at	the	same	time	-lrb-	"	big	bang	"	approach	-rrb-	sometime	in	q1	'02	.
my	concern	is	that	between	now	and	then	dunn	,	the	ag	have	the	time	and	resources	to	make	a	heckuvalot	of	mischief	,	which	could	be	detrimental	to	generators	/	marketers	'	claims	.
investors	are	asking	what	edison	intends	for	qfs	and	generators	--	asking	about	haircuts	in	particular	--	and	edison	is	side	-	stepping	the	questions	.
great	.
figured	they	'd	contacted	them	,	but	wanted	to	make	sure	.
you	know	when	the	meeting	with	schedulers	will	be	?
i	apologize	,	i	'm	on	the	road	and	have	n't	heard	when	that	will	be	.
i	'm	thinking	that	i	may	want	to	attend	.
thanks	.
best	,
jeff
thanks	for	the	info	-	a	few	people	from	our	shop	will	be	in	attendance	./
if	you	have	n't	heard	,	socal	's	announced	their	abandoning	windows	for	ofos	.
they	're	holding	"	workshops	"	on	how	it	will	all	work	soon	.
i	'll	get	you	the	announcement	.
best	,
jeff
probing	the	'	palace	coup	'
electricity	:	a	panel	focuses	on	price	hikes	and	the	actions	of	the	iso	president	.
september	26	,	2001
by	kimberly	kindy
the	orange	county	register
sacramento
a	state	senate	committee	is	set	today	to	start	serving	16	subpoenas	on	electricity	producers	and	officials	who	manage	california	's	energy	grid	to	determine	whether	they	acted	in	concert	to	manipulate	energy	prices	.
the	investigative	committee	,	headed	by	state	sen.	joe	dunn	,	d	-	santa	ana	,	is	focusing	on	a	series	of	events	last	fall	filled	with	enough	shakespearean	plot	twists	and	intrigue	that	it	has	earned	a	name	around	the	capitol	:	"	the	palace	coup	.	"
lawmakers	and	consumer	groups	allege	that	the	events	-	directed	by	the	man	who	heads	the	state	's	energy	grid	-	fueled	the	california	energy	crisis	,	pushed	the	state	into	the	power	-	buying	business	and	helped	make	billions	of	dollars	for	power	producers	.
the	central	question	behind	the	palace	coup	is	whether	terry	winter	,	the	president	of	the	independent	system	operator	,	acted	alone	when	he	took	steps	to	remove	key	price	caps	designed	to	limit	the	amount	power	generators	could	charge	.
winter	defied	his	own	board	and	gov.	gray	davis	when	he	filed	a	50	-	page	request	to	remove	the	caps	,	records	and	interviews	show	.
"	i	do	n't	know	how	these	events	could	have	taken	place	without	some	concerted	effort	,	"	said	dunn	.
the	subpoenas	will	force	those	involved	,	including	winter	,	to	provide	sworn	testimony	about	the	events	to	the	committee	,	and	to	turn	over	e-mails	,	personal	calendars	and	memos	.
davis	spokesman	steve	maviglio	said	the	governor	felt	"	betrayed	"	by	the	actions	of	winter	.
"	the	governor	believes	it	was	the	defining	moment	,	when	what	was	a	mounting	problem	turned	into	an	instant	crisis	,	"	maviglio	said	.
winter	refused	comment	,	referring	all	questions	to	the	public	relations	office	.
iso	spokesman	gregg	fishman	said	dunn	's	committee	will	find	no	criminal	conduct	.
the	decision	was	made	by	iso	upper	management	with	one	goal	in	mind	:	to	keep	the	lights	on	.
at	the	time	,	generators	were	refusing	to	sell	power	in	california	because	of	the	price	caps	.
"	it	was	an	emergency	,	"	fishman	said	.
"	we	had	to	take	action	.	''
what	became	known	as	the	palace	coup	began	on	oct.	26	when	iso	board	members	voted	for	severe	restrictions	on	the	amount	of	money	electricity	producers	could	charge	for	power	.
the	restrictions	would	drive	prices	as	low	as	$	65	per	megawatt	-	nearly	12	times	below	the	$	750	per	megawatt	limits	of	seven	months	earlier	.
"	they	-lrb-	electricity	generators	-rrb-	grinned	and	beared	the	$	750	price	cap	,	but	this	new	plan	by	iso	was	too	much	,	"	said	dunn	,	whose	committee	has	been	investigating	since	march	.
"	all	hell	broke	loose	.	''
records	show	that	on	oct.	31	,	power	generators	and	electricity	traders	filed	letters	with	the	federal	energy	regulatory	commission	,	demanding	that	the	new	plan	be	killed	.
the	letters	,	six	in	all	,	were	sent	within	two	hours	of	each	other	and	represented	dozens	of	power	generators	.
"	if	not	removed	immediately	,	the	-lrb-	iso	-rrb-	price	cap	will	sow	confusion	in	the	market	,	threaten	reliability	and	stifle	new	investment	in	generating	capacity	,	''	read	one	letter	written	by	duke	energy	vice	president	william	hall	iii	.
although	there	is	nothing	illegal	about	the	generators	acting	together	to	lobby	against	price	caps	,	dunn	believes	the	letters	and	other	actions	around	the	same	time	showed	clear	coordination	among	energy	officials	.
he	said	the	main	aim	of	the	subpoenas	will	be	to	determine	whether	collusion	occurred	to	"	fix	"	prices	,	which	would	violate	federal	trade	laws	.
in	the	oct.	31	letters	,	electricity	producers	told	federal	officials	that	if	price	caps	were	n't	removed	it	would	lead	to	a	collapse	of	the	energy	market	.
the	generators	got	their	way	.
the	next	day	,	the	federal	commission	killed	the	new	pricing	plan	.
what	was	left	in	place	was	a	$	250	price	cap	established	five	months	earlier	.
power	producers	then	turned	their	attention	toward	killing	that	cap	,	saying	they	could	n't	make	a	profit	even	under	these	constraints	.
they	began	to	withhold	power	from	california	,	and	on	dec.	7	the	iso	declared	its	first	stage	3	emergency	and	braced	for	blackouts	,	which	were	narrowly	averted	.
what	followed	the	next	day	is	considered	by	the	governor	and	dunn	to	be	the	pivotal	moment	of	the	energy	crisis	.
winter	,	who	in	his	position	as	president	and	chief	operating	officer	of	the	iso	,	submitted	a	50	-	page	emergency	request	,	asking	federal	officials	to	abolish	the	$	250	price	cap	.
final	authority	over	lifting	the	cap	rested	with	the	federal	government	.
neither	the	iso	board	,	which	had	established	the	price	cap	,	nor	the	governor	learned	of	winter	's	actions	until	the	cap	had	been	removed	.
in	fact	,	the	attorney	who	helped	draft	the	emergency	request	,	charles	robinson	,	was	in	a	meeting	with	representatives	of	the	governor	and	iso	board	members	just	hours	before	the	filing	was	made	.
he	did	n't	mention	anything	about	it	.
"	in	retrospect	,	we	should	have	told	them	,	''	robinson	said	.
with	the	price	caps	gone	,	the	generators	filed	paperwork	with	federal	regulators	justifying	higher	costs	.
"	the	iso	staff	sat	in	a	meeting	with	the	governor	's	key	energy	advisers	with	poker	faces	,	not	saying	a	word	about	something	that	was	going	on	at	the	exact	same	moment	,	''	maviglio	said	.
"	it	was	beyond	belief	that	they	failed	to	mention	something	so	significant	.
this	action	accelerated	the	utilities	'	move	toward	bankruptcy	and	forced	the	governor	to	move	the	state	into	the	power	-	buying	business	.	"
prices	for	electricity	jumped	from	an	average	of	$	249	a	megawatt	to	$	700	a	megawatt	within	three	days	,	iso	records	show	.
dunn	believes	the	resulting	overcharges	for	electricity	exceeded	$	30	billion	.
robinson	said	the	filing	-	granted	two	hours	after	the	request	-	helped	rather	than	hurt	californians	.
prices	,	he	said	,	did	not	spike	as	a	result	.
instead	they	followed	the	skyrocketing	price	of	natural	gas	-	which	is	used	to	run	power	plants	to	generate	electricity	.
robinson	said	the	emergency	order	allowed	the	iso	to	secure	refunds	should	overcharges	for	electricity	be	proven	to	federal	officials	.
"	we	believe	the	action	we	took	addressed	a	severe	concern	,	''	robinson	said	.
"	in	our	view	,	we	did	not	believe	we	changed	or	made	worse	the	financial	situation	.
we	felt	we	made	it	better	because	it	introduced	a	process	for	review	and	refund	.	"
jan	smutney	-	jones	,	who	was	the	iso	board	chairman	at	the	time	and	executive	director	of	a	group	that	represents	power	generators	,	said	winter	did	not	consult	him	about	eliminating	the	price	cap	.
smutney	-	jones	also	said	he	was	unaware	of	anyone	in	the	power	-	generating	community	being	consulted	.
"	terry	did	this	by	himself	,	''	said	smutney	-	jones	,	executive	director	of	the	independent	energy	producers	.
"	he	did	what	he	thought	had	to	be	done	at	the	time	to	keep	the	power	flowing	.	"
the	iso	board	called	an	emergency	meeting	the	next	week	demanding	winter	explain	his	actions	.
some	board	members	pushed	to	have	winter	removed	,	but	there	were	concerns	such	action	would	lead	to	more	chaos	,	the	governor	's	spokesman	maviglio	said	.
james	j.	hoecker	,	the	former	federal	energy	regulatory	commission	chairman	,	defended	making	the	december	decision	and	also	defended	winter	.
"	they	filed	an	emergency	motion	,	and	we	were	not	about	to	let	california	go	dark	,	''	hoecker	said	.
"	they	-lrb-	iso	management	-rrb-	did	what	any	independent	system	operator	would	do	.	"
what	dunn	's	committee	hopes	to	learn	is	why	all	these	events	transpired	.
he	believes	memos	and	e-mails	around	the	time	of	winter	's	dec.	8	actions	should	provide	vital	clues	.
"	we	do	n't	know	why	he	did	what	he	did	,	but	we	are	eager	to	find	out	,	"	dunn	said	.
"	terry	said	he	made	that	filing	in	the	interest	of	californians	,	but	i	find	that	argument	has	no	basis	in	fact	.	''
we	should	resurrect	mike	smith	's	note	and	get	him	on	the	call	in	the	attempt	to	avoid	recreating	the	wheel	on	this	one	.
i	can	dig	it	up	if	you	'd	like	.
sue	and	jeff	--
i	am	having	a	meeting	with	vicki	and	janet	dietrich	on	thursday	to	discuss	our	view	on	the	ability	to	extend	our	current	contracts	in	ca	-lrb-	for	customers	already	on	da	-rrb-	.
can	we	discuss	this	today	or	soon	thereafter	.
my	take	is	that	the	udcs	will	be	indifferent	to	this	-lrb-	maybe	?	-rrb-	and	our	#	1	priority	is	to	work	to	get	the	pg&e	model	adopted	across	the	state	.
any	news	on	how	sce	and	sdg&e	will	move	forward	?
thanks	.
sounds	good	.
i	suggest	a	"	blind	draw	"	on	the	teams	,	best	ball	not	scramble	on	the	golf	,	and	as	for	the	wager	,	no	emails	from	the	losing	team	for	one	week	!
is	there	any	question	?
i	'll	leave	to	steve	to	structure	the	deal	.
as	i	recall	,	montavano	,	shapiro	and	i	usually	make	up	one	team	,	but	i	'm	willing	to	switch	around	a	bit	.
best	,
jeff
are	you	playing	golf	?
and	if	yes	,	what	's	the	game	and	wager	???
jim
"	neal	s.	manne	"	<	nmanne@susmangodfrey.com	>
11/28/2000	06:16	pm
it	's	a	two	way	street	,	of	course	.
have	they	expressed	any	interest	in	negotiating	?
there	is	nothing	wrong	with	a	real	negotiation	,	but	nothing	particularly	helpful	about	generating	one	that	s	just	for	show	.
particularly	in	the	absence	of	any	entreaty	from	them	.
where	is	the	"	simple	"	explanation	of	the	transportation	piece	?
as	i	have	told	rnr	,	i	think	we	should	advise	duke	in	writing	that	its	ip	is	not	in	conformity	with	the	contract	,	since	it	is	in	the	alternative	,	and	that	our	ip	is	hence	the	only	one	that	will	be	before	the	arbitrators	-lrb-	since	duke	clearly	can	not	change	it's	ineffective	ip	at	this	stage	,	having	already	seen	ours	-rrb-	.
accordingly	,	the	only	issue	left	for	arbitration	is	whether	our	ip	-lrb-	the	only	one	and	therefore	the	one	they	have	to	choose	-rrb-	is	or	is	not	an	economic	hardship	under	the	contract	.
what	say	ye	?
none
susan	rance@enron
11/28/2000	03:58	pm
by	friday	december	1st	,	could	you	please	tell	me	the	percentages	/	amount	of	time	you	spent	on	east	coast	power	during	the	months	of	october	and	november	.
in	addition	,	could	you	look	over	the	list	below	to	see	if	there	are	any	additional	employees	in	your	group	that	spent	time	on	ecp	,	so	we	can	ensure	we	bill	all	of	our	used	resources	to	ecp	.
thanks	for	you	cooperation	.
***	mary	perkins	-	could	you	forward	the	number	of	transactions	and	accounts	.
***	jason	chumley	-	could	you	forward	the	number	of	contractor	hours	and	help	/	remote	support	hours	.
hr	-	veronica	parra	,	nedre	strambler	,	fran	mayes	,	felicia	solis
legal	-	bob	carter	,	travis	mccullough	,	lisa	mellencamp	,	shelia	tweed	,	richard	sanders	,	michelle	cash
corporate	finance	-	joe	deffner	,	brain	kerrigan	,	lewis	worthy	,	mary	perkins
it	-	jason	chumley
structuring	/	technology	-	brad	alford	,	chris	coffman	,	bill	keeney
insurance	-	david	marshall
susan
looks	good
steve	van	hooser
11/28/2000	11:34	am
richard	,
how	does	this	look	?
if	i	can	get	a	few	minutes	with	mark	h.	today	,	i	'm	going	to	propose	that	i	speak	to	stan	klimberg	about	getting	this	signed	before	thursday	's	meeting	with	lipa	.
thanks	for	your	help	this	morning	.
steve
in	the	three	years	i	have	been	here	,	i	am	unaware	of	an	ena	/	ect	bad	faith	claim	against	any	insurance	company	.
anyone	else	?
if	so	,	please	contact	michelle	.
michelle	blaine@enron_development
11/28/2000	07:35	pm
justin	,	i	have	no	knowledge	of	any	bad	faith	actins	enron	has	pending	in	texas	but	i	will	call	richard	sanders	who	manages	domestic	litgation	here	.
i	've	read	the	materials	you	sent	and	agree	we	need	to	address	these	allegations	appropriately	.
richard	do	you	have	any	bad	faith	litigation	pending	against	any	insurers	in	texas	or	are	you	aware	of	any	enron	has	filed	??
we	sued	houston	casualty	last	year	but	i	do	n't	recall	making	any	bad	faith	claims	.
it	settled	anyway	,	a	long	time	ago	.
mb
michelle	,
did	you	get	my	fax	on	friday	?
i	guess	the	questions	on	which	i	should	like	your	steer	are	:	-lrb-	a	-rrb-	do	you	have	a	particular	sensitivity	about	the	reference	to	bad	faith	proceedings	made	by	united	india	?
-lrb-	b	-rrb-	is	it	right	that	enron	has	3	sets	of	bad	faith	proceedings	in	texas	?
-lrb-	c	-rrb-	are	you	happy	with	the	draft	letter	to	beachcrofts	i	sent	you	?
please	give	me	a	call	if	you	would	like	to	discuss	.
justin
not	when	i	was	there	,	but	i	was	n't	there	the	whole	time	.
michelle	and	ken	,
were	you	able	to	discuss	the	"	bad	faith	"	proceedings	issue	yesterday	?
if	you	got	the	chance	today	,	i	should	be	really	grateful	if	one	of	you	could	give	me	a	call	to	discuss	this	issue	;	i	think	we	should	set	out	dpc	's	position	clearly	on	this	in	correspondence	without	too	much	delay	.
justin
____________________________________________________________
this	message	is	confidential	.
it	may	also	be	privileged	or	otherwise	protected	by	work	product	immunity	or	other	legal	rules	.
if	you	have	received	it	by	mistake	please	let	us	know	by	reply	and	then	delete	it	from	your	system	;	you	should	not	copy	the	message	or	disclose	its	contents	to	anyone	.
____________________________________________________________
address	this	to	robin	gibbs	for	my	signature	.
thanks	.
russell	montgomery@enron
11/28/2000	08:22	am
richard	-
per	my	voice	mail	,	here	is	the	letter	.
as	i	mentioned	,	please	let	me	know	when	it	is	ready	,	and	i	will	send	someone	to	pick	it	up	.
thank	you	for	your	help	.
russ	3-5297
brianp@aiglincoln.com
rob	jacobs	<	rsjacobs@encoreacq.com	>
11/28/2000	11:25	am
hi	rich	,
have	you	heard	if	the	kinga	has	had	little	brian	ii	yet	?
also	,	remind	me	of	patterson	's	email	,	so	i	can	harass	him	directly	.
hope	your	pre	chanukah	planning	is	going	well	.
rob
-	c.dtf
as	you	can	tell	from	the	time	of	my	e-mail	,	i	am	getting	crushed	.
please	ask	her	to	be	the	contact	person	.
robert	c	williams@enron_development
11/28/2000	09:46	am
now	that	michelle	is	in	your	fold	,	do	you	want	to	reconsider	her	being	the	contact	person	with	aaa	on	this	?
i	am	sending	you	a	letter	from	their	atty	.
call	me	to	discuss	.
cheryl	marshall
11/27/2000	10:25	am
as	of	today	,	we	have	not	received	payment	in	full	as	requested	in	richard	sanders	'	letter	dated	november	16	,	2000	.
we	did	receive	a	payment	for	$	3,202.61	on	11-20-2000	.
richard	-	please	let	me	know	what	we	need	to	do	next	to	file	suit	.
nuria_r_ibarra@calpx.com	on	04/28/2000	11:15:11	am
the	attached	letter	is	being	sent	to	you	from	patricia	gillman	.
-lrb-	see	attached	file	:	sanders	letter	4_28_00.doc	-rrb-
-	sanders	letter	4_28_00.doc
richard	b	sanders
11/28/2000	09:56	pm
i	am	sending	you	a	letter	from	their	atty	.
call	me	to	discuss	.
cheryl	marshall
11/27/2000	10:25	am
as	of	today	,	we	have	not	received	payment	in	full	as	requested	in	richard	sanders	'	letter	dated	november	16	,	2000	.
we	did	receive	a	payment	for	$	3,202.61	on	11-20-2000	.
richard	-	please	let	me	know	what	we	need	to	do	next	to	file	suit	.
has	liz	finished	with	gathering	the	documents	?
melanie.gray@weil.com
11/13/2000	03:43	pm
here	are	the	revised	dates	for	the	response	/	reply	/	and	hearing	dates	for	enron	's	motion	to	compel	.
as	you	may	recall	,	they	say	they	want	a	deposition	on	the	parties	'	intention	.
we	should	be	expecting	a	deposition	notice	soon	if	they	are	going	to	follow	through	on	their	threat	.
i	passed	along	to	liz	austin	your	request	regarding	pleadings	a&k	has	filed	setting	forth	the	trustee	's	position	in	connection	with	the	enforcement	/	nonenforcement	of	the	power	contracts	and	what	remedies	the	trustee	is	seeking	.
as	you	see	below	,	she	is	pulling	those	together	.
call	to	discuss	the	response	to	the	trustee	's	settlement	offer	.
thanks	.
hi	--
talked	to	craig	and	the	court	today	.
the	motion	to	compel	is	now	scheduled	for	dec.	12	at	2	p.m	.
the	trustee	's	oppositon	papers	are	now	due	nov	27	and	enron	reply	is	due	dec	1	.
i	have	my	paralegal	gathering	the	pleadings	enron	requested	.
that	is	all	for	now	.
--	liz
**********	note	**********
the	information	contained	in	this	email	message	is	intended	only	for	use	of	the	individual	or	entity	named	above	.
if	the	reader	of	this	message	is	not	the	intended	recipient	,	or	the	employee	or	agent	responsible	to	deliver	it	to	the	intended	recipient	,	you	are	hereby	notified	that	any	dissemination	,	distribution	or	copying	of	this	communication	is	strictly	prohibited	.
if	you	have	received	this	communication	in	error	,	please	immediately	notify	us	by	telephone	-lrb-	713-546-5000	-rrb-	,	and	destroy	the	original	message	.
thank	you	.
"	gerry	strathmann	"	<	gstrathmann@mediaone.net	>
11/08/2000	02:19	pm
dear	mr.	sanders	-
?
while	i	left	a	you	a	phone	message	with	some	information	about	our	project	,	i	thought	i	could	give	you	some	additional	details	by	e-mail	as	well	...
?
we	are	still	very	interested	in	having	enron	support	our	ecommerce	dispute	management	protocol	.?
we	have	had	enthusiastic	responses	from	companies	such	as	at&t	,	duke	energy	,	pitney	bowes	and	daimler	chrysler	,	and	i	would	be	pleased	to	answer	any	questions	you	may	have	about	this	focal	point	for	our	educational	efforts	.?
the	real	purpose	of	my	call	,	however	,	is	related	to	the	services	we	will	provide	to	support	the	aspirational	statements	of	the	protocol	.
i	am	a	member	of	the	design	group	that	has	been	developing	the	american	arbitration	association	's	dispute	management	systems	and	services	for	ecommerce	b2b	transactions	.?
at	this	time	we	are	putting	together	small	working	groups	to	validate	some	of	our	assumptions	and	refine	our	initial	service	offerings	.
initially	our	design	group	,	along	with	perhaps	one	of	our	technology	consultants	,	would	like	to	meet	with	a	group	of	enron	people	for	half	a	day	.?
ideally	this	group	would	consist	of	four	to	six	people	from	finance	,	legal	,	and	operations	so	that	we	get	good	cross-functional	feedback	about	our	services	.?
before	the	meeting	we	would	provide	you	with	a	brief	description	of	our	proposed	service	offerings	and	a	list	of	points	for	discussion	at	the	meeting	.
the	real	focus	of	the	meeting	will	be	on	how	we	should	build	these	services	to	meet	the	needs	of	businesses	operating	in	b2b	marketplaces	.?
we	are	very	concerned	with	providing	services	that	are	relevant	to	that	environment	.
we	would	like	to	meet	between	november	14	and	?	december	1	?	since	construction	of	our	services	is	already	underway	.?
please	let	me	know	what	is	possible	,	and	feel	free	to	give	me	a	call	if	you	have	any	questions	-lrb-	978-376-9004	-rrb-	.
?
thanks	.
->	gerry
gerry	strathmann	ecommerce	group	american	arbitration	association	-lrb-	978	-rrb-	376-9004	303-294-4499
"	neal	s.	manne	"	<	nmanne@susmangodfrey.com	>
11/29/2000	09:52	am
thanks	,	richard	.
do	you	have	a	tel	#	for	mike	?
thanks	.
mark	palmer@enron
11/29/2000	10:45	am
i	'll	send	a	copy	of	the	suit	filed	against	the	generators	as	soon	as	i	get	it	.
mark
"	leopold	,	jason	"	<	jason.leopold@dowjones.com	>
11/29/2000	10:40	am
hello	energyphiles	:
ok	,	perhaps	it	was	inevitable	.
but	it	is	now	official	.
a	team	of	san	diego	's	best	anti-trust	and	class	action	attorneys	has	been	assembled	to	take	on	the	electric	generators	and	marketers	in	california	state	court	in	an	effort	to	return	the	electricity	overcharges	that	have	battered	san	diego	and	the	rest	of	california	this	year	.
a	press	conference	will	be	held	to	discuss	the	consumer	class	action	lawsuit	to	be	filed	today	.
when	:	11	am	-	noon
where	:	550	west	c	st.	-lrb-	b/t	columbia	&	india	-rrb-	suite	1810	law	offices	of	levine	,	steinberg	,	miller	&	huver	619-231-9449
what	:	copies	of	the	filed	complaint	will	be	made	available	at	that	time	.
ucan	's	executive	director	and	the	attorney	team	will	be	available	to	answer	questions	about	the	complaint	.
we	are	hopeful	that	we	can	post	the	complaint	to	the	ucan	web	site	later	today	.
***********************************
"	time	is	the	best	teacher	,	except	for	the	fact	that	it	kills	off	its	best	students	"
michael	shames	executive	director	utility	consumers	'	action	network	1717	kettner	blvd.	suite	105	san	diego	,	ca	92101	619-696-6966	mshames@ucan.org
the	industry	of	marriage	and	kids	,	you	heard	me	.
marriage	is	,	in	and	of	itself	,	a	noble	concept	,	but	it	too	often	leads	to	kids	and	kids	flat	out	suck	.
how	can	i	say	such	an	abomination	,	ask	you	?
look	around	you	and	notice	all	the	mind	numbing	trailor	trash	cretins	out	there	who	should	not	be	procreating	,	yet	they	do	.
these	are	the	people	who	keep	jerry	springer	on	the	air	.
these	are	the	kids	who	will	destroy	society	,	because	of	the	crapfest	the	american	family	has	become	under	the	post	hippie	culture	,	you	heard	again	.
and	you	might	think	by	reading	this	i	blame	the	kids	.....
not	so	,	kids	are	what	kids	are	and	will	do	what	they	do	.
it	is	literally	monkey	see	and	monkey	do	with	them	.
that	will	likely	never	change	.
it	's	the	bad	parents	out	there	who	fuck	up	their	lives	and	do	nt	seem	to	understand	that	once	you	decide	to	have	kids	,	it	is	indeed	time	to	grow	up	and	be	a	responsible	role	model	for	those	kids	.
very	few	parents	do	this	.
and	this	is	a	direct	result	of	the	politically	correct	,	permissive	,	time	out	granting	bullshit	liberal	culture	that	has	caused	this	.
when	you	blame	it	all	on	society	,	there	's	noone	to	to	take	responsibility	and	all	of	a	sudden	you	have	generation	of	fucked	up	kids	who	are	likley	smoking	,	drinking	,	doing	drugs	,	fucking	the	neighbor	or	some	internet	perv	just	because	you	are	too	lazy	to	see	waht	they	're	doing	.
people	like	this	will	never	have	my	sympathy	,	nor	do	they	deserve	my	sympathy	.
look	inside	yourselves	parents	,	is	this	you	?
probably	it	is	.
fuck	you	.
stop	trying	to	pawn	your	brats	off	on	others	to	"	get	a	break	"	.
you	made	a	choice	to	be	a	mommy	,	you	do	nt	get	a	break	until	they	move	out	,	that	s	the	choice	that	you	madea	and	that	's	life	.
tough	shit	.
just	because	you	're	stuck	,	does	nt	give	you	the	right	to	drag	down	all	the	singles	around	you	.
another	time	i	'll	segueway	into	all	the	fun	work	related	instances	where	"	mommies	"	get	out	of	doing	work	and	hiding	behind	childcare	as	the	reason	.
this	is	the	insidious	conspiracy	i	call	"	mommism	"	.
it	must	be	stamped	out	.
[	http://www.newsday.com/news/opinion/ny-vpnasa054135614feb05,0,5979821.story?coll=ny-editorials-headlines	]
-lrb-	newsday.com	-rrb-
it	looks	like	nasa	is	ready	to	sour	again	after	it's	devastating	loss	from	the	columbia	accident	which	occurred	nearly	two	years	ago	.
now	,	nasa	engineers	and	astronauts	are	almost	giddy	with	"	go	"	fever	as	the	tentative	date	for	the	first	launch	since	the	columbia	disaster	approaches	.
the	most	important	question	is	n't	whether	discovery	is	technically	ready	to	fly	with	new	safety	features	and	emergency	procedures	,	but	whether	the	agency	itself	has	learned	from	the	crucial	errors	most	common	to	challenger	and	columbia	,	errors	that	grew	out	of	a	management	culture	that	discouraged	criticism	and	sacrificed	safety	for	image	-	puffing	and	budget	-	cutting	.
i	hope	so	.
seeing	another	"	columbia	"	incident	can	be	quite	frightening	-lrb-	i	woke	up	to	it	early	in	the	morning	when	i	was	in	texas	-rrb-	.
we	do	n't	need	another	incident	as	exploring	the	cosmos	is	something	that	keeps	our	imagination	going	as	a	species	.
maybe	one	day	they	will	allow	space	tourism	,	-lrb-	hopefully	that	will	be	in	the	near	future	-rrb-	although	i	would	recommend	that	nasa	build	new	shuttles	instead	of	trying	to	preserve	the	older	ones	.
you	do	have	to	give	nasa	credit	on	some	things	as	they	have	eliminated	the	"	fear	of	reporting	failure	"	culture	that	probably	led	to	the	lack	of	reporting	defects	on	the	columbia	shuttle	.
instead	they	are	encouraging	everyone	to	come	forward	if	they	see	any	potential	problems	-lrb-	as	it	is	clear	that	overlooked	problems	could	result	in	unnecessary	losses	-rrb-	.
but	supporters	are	pointing	a	few	good	things	out	:
clearly	,	the	agency	has	worked	hard	at	tackling	the	technical	challenges	posed	by	a	superb	and	surprisingly	independent	-	minded	investigative	panel	.
a	few	weeks	ago	,	shuttle	workers	at	the	kennedy	space	center	received	a	rocket	-	like	boost	in	morale	with	two	important	deliveries	for	the	next	shuttle	to	carry	.
one	is	a	special	tool	to	detect	damage	to	the	thermal	-	protective	tile	while	in	orbit	-	something	the	columbia	crew	would	have	welcomed	.
the	other	is	a	new	fuel	tank	"	guaranteed	"	by	nasa	not	to	shed	potentially	fatal	hunks	of	insulation	.
nasa	has	some	pr	hurdles	to	overcome	in	the	future	.
but	let	s	hope	for	their	sake	-lrb-	and	the	sake	of	all	space	lovers	out	there	-rrb-	that	they	can	redefine	their	image	and	rekindle	the	hope	of	space	colonization	again	.
selah	.
--
posted	by	hidden	nook	to	hidden	nook	at	2/7/2005	01:09:32	am
healing	the	collective	body
in	george	orwell	's	influential	novel	"	1984	"	doublethink	is	a	device	promoted	by	the	totalitarian	state	government	to	make	people	accept	two	irreconcilable	ideas	at	the	same	time	such	as	"	war	is	peace	"	.
i	see	the	merit	in	flowing	with	duality	.
one	of	my	most	cherished	dualities	is	the	understanding	that	we	are	both	autonomous	individuals	with	the	power	to	shape	our	personal	destinies	and	at	the	same	time	we	are	all	one	,	that	there	is	no	separation	between	you	and	i	,	we	are	all	together	in	this	thing	called	life	,	we	human	beings	,	the	birds	and	the	tress	,	the	rocks	and	the	sky	,	all	of	it	.
i	have	written	a	lot	recently	about	healing	the	self	so	today	here	are	a	few	words	on	healing	our	collective	body	,	mind	and	soul	.
think	of	all	life	,	if	you	will	,	as	one	great	choir	or	one	grand	congregation	.
our	strength	is	in	our	unity	and	harmony	.
any	major	dischord	and	we	all	suffer	.
any	insult	to	the	collective	good	brings	us	all	down	.
living	out	of	synch	with	nature	is	the	great	disease	,	from	that	flows	all	the	tributaries	we	have	come	to	think	of	as	sickness	.
we	are	only	as	strong	as	our	weakest	,	we	are	only	as	healthy	as	the	sickest	amongst	us	-	playing	sports	and	being	in	the	army	taught	me	that	lesson	before	i	was	finished	being	a	teenager	.
when	the	healthy	treat	the	sick	with	scorn	and	intolerance	it	brings	us	all	down	.
when	those	lucky	enough	not	to	have	herpes	create	a	climate	of	shame	and	indignity	for	those	of	us	who	do	,	not	only	are	they	hurting	us	,	but	they	are	hurting	themselves	.
there	is	no	escape	from	the	collective	ocean	we	all	swim	in	.
what	you	project	will	always	come	back	to	either	reward	or	haunt	you	.
we	are	now	suffering	from	the	consequences	of	our	rape	of	the	environment	,	our	rejection	of	the	natural	for	the	industrial	,	and	our	embrace	of	violence	over	peace	.
jesus	said	that	what	you	do	the	least	of	the	people	you	do	to	him	.
what	are	you	doing	to	the	least	of	the	people	?
if	we	are	all	in	this	thing	together	,	let	's	play	nice	.
remember	that	what	you	do	to	yourself	affects	me	and	everybody	else	,	remember	that	what	you	do	to	me	and	anyone	else	shapes	your	destiny	.
no	matter	what	progress	we	make	as	individuals	in	becoming	healthier	,	we	will	never	achieve	real	health	until	we	collectively	decide	to	create	a	healthier	reality	.
fortunately	circumstances	will	force	our	hand	soon	since	our	collective	bad	behaviour	can	not	continue	indefinitely	.
in	the	near	future	collective	choices	will	need	to	be	made	.
will	we	choose	to	live	in	harmony	with	this	planet	or	crash	and	burn	in	a	conflagration	of	arrogance	and	disregard	?
will	we	choose	to	rise	about	prejudice	and	intolerance	or	go	down	kicking	and	screaming	with	holding	on	to	fear	and	anger	?
there	is	no	health	without	peace	and	no	peace	without	health	.
november	2005
sunshine	coast	,	british	columbia	,	canada
christopher	scipio	homeopath	/	herbalist	holistic	viral	specialist
one	simple	idea	.
one	huge	opportunity	.
what	are	you	searching	for	?
more	personal	freedom	?
more	time	with	your	family	?
independent	wealth	?
freedom	from	the	fear	of	corporate	downsizing	?
whether	you	are	looking	for	a	part	-	time	income	to	help	pay	off	your	debts	or	you	are	looking	for	the	freedom	offered	by	working	from	home	on	a	full	time	basis	,	agel	is	the	vehicle	that	can	make	that	happen	.
agel	is	a	new	company	and	is	uniquely	positioned	to	be	the	next	giant	in	the	network	marketing	industry	.
the	company	has	developed	an	entirely	new	category	of	products	.
imagine	being	part	of	the	next	industry	-	changing	innovation	.
innovative	products
agel	introduces	an	entirely	new	category	of	products	called	gelceuticals	.
the	company	has	developed	a	unique	and	innovative	delivery	mechanism	for	nutritional	products	.
this	proprietary	gel	suspension	technology	makes	possible	single	serving	packets	of	gelceuticals	.
in	this	delivery	format	,	your	body	can	immediately	start	receiving	the	benefits	of	the	product	components	as	the	absorption	of	vitamins	,	minerals	and	nutrients	is	maximized	.
never	before	has	such	a	convenient	method	been	available	for	consuming	nutritional	products	.
consider	these	convenience	factors	:
no	water	needed	-lrb-	as	with	tablets	or	capsules	-rrb-
exotic	juice	benefits	without	the	big	bottle	-lrb-	no	glass	and	water	weight	-rrb-
single	serving	packages	-lrb-	imagine	the	sampling	capabilities	-rrb-
perfect	for	those	with	difficulty	swallowing	tablets	or	capsules
faster	,	more	efficient	,	delivery	to	the	body	learn	more
revolutionary	compensation
agel	has	created	a	new	compensation	structure	that	is	truly	revolutionary	.
it	is	our	belief	that	this	compensation	plan	will	produce	some	of	the	largest	checks	in	network	marketing	history	.
the	plan	ca	n't	be	described	as	a	binary	,	a	breakaway	,	a	unilevel	,	or	a	forced	matrix	.
it	is	a	revolutionary	hybrid	.
what	is	long	term	viability	?
it	is	not	just	company	longevity	.
if	you	used	to	make	$	100	k	and	now	only	make	$	30	k	,	this	is	not	long	term	viability	.
ten	years	later	your	check	should	still	be	the	same	or	greater	,	fulfilling	the	promise	of	long	-	term	residual	income	.
the	agel	compensation	plan	includes	the	principles	that	ensure	that	promise	can	be	fulfilled	for	those	who	work	at	it	.
are	you	unsure	of	agel	?
take	time	to	discover	the	unlimited	possibilities	with	agel	!
the	call	will	feature	a	host	of	other	field	leaders	,	and	our	founder	and	ceo	,	glen	jensen	.
this	call	will	smoke	!
you	will	discover	:	*	how	to	create	the	security	of	residual	income	;	*	why	agel	is	the	best	vehicle	to	live	your	dreams	;	*	the	amazing	scientific	breakthrough	behind	the	products	;	*	how	the	"	quadra	-	plan	"	builds	bigger	bonus	checks	faster	;	*	the	support	system	in	place	to	help	you	build	stronger	;	and	*	the	secret	to	lock	in	a	"	legacy	"	position	!
here	are	the	numbers	to	call	:
620-294-4000	or	620-294-3000
the	passcode	to	participate	is	:	5107
date	:	tuesday	,	november	22	,	2005
time	:	8:00	pm	eastern	standard	time
location	:	conference	call
5:00	pt	**	6:00	mt	**	7:00	ct	**	8:00	et
i	'll	see	you	there	!
steve	fillmore	612-205-9814	620-294-1909
email	:	"	dharmadeva	"	<	dharmad...@gmail.com	>
namaskar
hi	all	!
we	now	present	the	kaoshikii	dance	,	which	is	excellent	before	and	after	yoga	postures	.
i	encourage	you	to	do	this	dance	,	as	it	has	tremendous	positive	effects	.
it	is	a	dance	for	both	males	and	females	.
dharma
--
kaoshikii	is	a	dance	which	was	invented	in	1978	by	shrii	shrii	a'nandamu'rti	.
it	is	a	psycho-spiritual	exercise	and	benefiting	the	mind	by	developing	stamina	and	strength	.
kaoshikii	is	especially	good	for	women	.
it	can	ward	off	and	cure	a	number	of	diseases	,	keeps	the	body	youthful	and	enables	an	easy	delivery	in	childbirth	.
kaoshikii	comes	from	the	sanskrit	word	'	kosa	'	meaning	shell	or	layer	of	mind	.
the	self	of	the	individual	lies	hidden	in	the	innermost	layers	of	existence	-lrb-	kosas	-rrb-	.
thus	kaoshikii	is	a	blossoming	of	the	microcosm	-lrb-	unit	being	-rrb-	in	its	attempt	to	attain	a	link	with	the	macrocosm	-lrb-	cosmic	consciousness	-rrb-	.
this	attempt	is	normally	referred	to	as	mysticism	.
--
the	benefits
exercises	all	the	glands	and	limbs	from	head	to	toes	.
increases	longevity	.
makes	for	easy	delivery	at	childbirth	.
the	spine	will	become	flexible	.
arthritis	of	the	spine	,	neck	,	waist	and	other	joints	will	be	removed	.
gout	in	the	spine	,	neck	,	hands	and	waist	will	be	lost	.
the	mind	becomes	strong	and	sharp	.
irregularities	in	menstruation	will	be	cured	.
glandular	secretions	will	become	regulated	.
troubles	in	the	bladder	and	urethra	will	be	cured	.
gives	control	over	the	limbs	.
adds	charm	and	shine	to	the	face	and	skin	.
removes	wrinkles	.
removes	lethargy	.
cures	insomnia	.
cures	hysteria	.
fear	complexes	will	be	removed	.
hopelessness	will	be	lost	.
helps	in	self	-	expression	and	develops	one	's	potentiality	.
spinal	pain	,	piles	,	hernia	,	hydrocele	in	men	,	nervous	pain	,	nervous	disability	will	be	cured	.
cures	kidney	and	gall	bladder	troubles	,	gastric	trouble	,	dyspepsia	,	acidity	,	dysentery	,	obesity	and	liver	diseases	.
increases	the	capacity	to	work	until	75	-	80	years	of	age	.
--
the	dance
the	eighteen	steps	of	the	dance	are	done	rhythmically	.
first	the	dancer	begins	in	the	starting	position	:	the	hands	together	and	raised	over	the	head	.
then	to	the	beat	of	"	dhin	,	dhin	,	...	,	ta'	,	ta'	"	,	the	dancers	begin	their	step	,	placing	the	big	toe	behind	the	heel	of	the	other	foot	.
in	the	final	two	steps	,	the	dancers	firmly	stamp	their	feet	on	the	ground	.
kaoshikii	can	be	danced	for	as	many	rounds	as	you	like	.
--
the	ideation
when	the	dancers	start	the	step	with	the	beat	of	"	dhin	,	dhin	...	"	,	the	mental	ideation	should	also	be	kept	.
here	is	the	ideation	.
the	two	hands	when	upraised	and	folded	together	represent	:	"	now	i	am	trying	to	establish	a	link	with	parama	purus'a	-lrb-	supreme	consciousness	-rrb-	.	"
bending	to	the	right	indicates	:	"	i	know	the	right	way	to	request	you	.	"
bending	to	the	left	indicates	:	"	i	know	how	to	fulfil	your	demands	.	"
bending	forward	suggests	:	"	i	completely	surrender	to	you	.	"
bending	backward	represents	:	"	i	am	ready	to	face	all	obstacles	that	may	come	.	"
the	last	two	steps	represent	:	"	o	lord	i	repeat	your	cosmic	rhythm	.	"
quebecker	wins	u.s.	bravery	award
pittsburgh	-
a	quebec	man	was	awarded	a	carnegie	medal	for	bravery	on	monday	for	saving	two	friends	by	fighting	off	a	polar	bear	with	a	pocket	knife	two	years	ago	on	baffin	island
dr.	eric	fortier	,	34	,	of	gatineau	,	que.	,	used	a	pocket	knife	to	attack	a	polar	bear	on	baffin	island	,	just	south	of	the	arctic	circle	,	to	save	two	friends	who	were	being	mauled	.
"	all	of	the	research	and	all	of	the	preparation	i	did	leading	up	to	the	trip	gave	no	indication	that	there	were	bears	in	the	soper	[	river	]	valley	where	we	were	canoeing	,	"	dr.	fortier	said	.
dr.	fortier	,	an	orthodontist	,	learned	there	was	at	least	one	polar	bear	in	the	central	region	of	baffin	island	in	july	2001	when	he	felt	what	he	thought	was	a	dog	leaning	on	his	tent	wall	.
"	my	first	thought	was	to	push	it	away	,	"	he	said	.
"	a	few	seconds	later	my	girlfriend	saw	the	shadow	of	a	bear	's	paw	through	the	tent	fly	and	then	it	started	ripping	through	the	ceiling	.	"
the	polar	bear	is	more	dangerous	than	most	other	bears	.
the	latter	usually	consider	human	beings	a	threat	but	the	polar	bear	considers	humans	a	snack	,	experts	said	.
the	two	screamed	to	frighten	the	bear	and	warn	their	friends	in	a	tent	several	metres	away	but	the	bear	ripped	into	that	tent	and	began	mauling	31	-	year	-	old	alain	parenteau	.
"	their	screams	changed	,	"	dr.	fortier	said	.
"	i	grabbed	my	glasses	and	my	knife	and	unzipped	my	tent	and	headed	out	.	"
the	bear	dwarfed	the	6	-	foot	-	1	mr.	parenteau	,	knocking	him	to	the	ground	,	he	said	.
dr.	fortier	threw	a	large	rock	at	the	bear	,	distracting	it	and	allowing	parenteau	to	escape	but	it	then	turned	on	25	-	year	-	old	patricia	doyon	,	who	was	in	the	same	tent	.
again	dr.	fortier	threw	rocks	at	the	bear	and	again	its	target	was	able	to	escape	.
"	the	bear	gave	chase	and	i	gave	chase	,	"	he	said	.
"	at	some	point	,	patricia	tripped	or	the	bear	tripped	her	and	was	at	her	back	.
i	was	beside	the	bear	's	head	and	i	stabbed	it	with	an	upper	cut	below	the	jaw	in	the	neck	a	couple	of	times	.	"
the	bear	ran	off	.
while	there	was	some	fur	and	blood	on	the	nine	-	centimetre	blade	,	dr.	fortier	said	he	does	n't	think	he	hurt	the	bear	badly	.
both	mr.	parenteau	and	ms.	doyon	,	however	,	were	bleeding	badly	.
dr.	fortier	and	his	girlfriend	lashed	two	canoes	together	and	paddled	eight	kilometres	along	the	soper	river	.
dr.	fortier	travelled	another	three	kilometres	by	foot	to	seek	help	in	the	nearest	settlement	.
both	mr.	parenteau	and	ms.	doyon	were	airlifted	to	a	hospital	and	survived	,	though	mr.	parenteau	had	a	gash	within	a	centimetre	of	his	jugular	,	dr.	fortier	said	.
dr.	fortier	was	one	of	15	people	to	receive	the	carnegie	medal	on	monday	.
the	bronze	medal	is	given	to	people	who	"	risk	their	lives	to	an	extraordinary	degree	while	saving	or	attempting	to	save	the	lives	of	others	.	"
the	other	canadian	recipient	of	the	medal	was	ronald	joseph	crawford	,	42	,	of	hamilton	,	who	was	killed	aug.	4	,	2002	,	while	trying	to	defend	a	hamilton	sandwich	shop	owner	from	a	robber	wielding	a	knife	.
mr.	crawford	threw	several	punches	at	the	assailant	before	he	was	stabbed	in	the	heart	.
u.s.	industrialist	andrew	carnegie	started	a	hero	fund	in	1904	after	being	inspired	by	rescue	stories	from	a	mine	disaster	that	killed	181	people	.
the	award	comes	with	a	$	3,500	-lrb-	u.s.	-rrb-	grant	.
important	information	of	big	companies
apple	computers
it	was	the	favorite	fruit	of	founder	steve	jobs	.
he	was	three	months	late	in	filing	a	name	for	the	business	,	and	he	threatened	to	call	his	company	apple	computers	if	the	other	colleagues	did	n't	suggest	a	better	name	by	5	o'clock	.
cisco
it	is	not	an	acronym	as	popularly	believed	.
it	is	short	for	san	francisco	.
compaq
this	name	was	formed	by	using	comp	,	for	computer	,	and	paq	to	denote	a	small	integral	object	.
corel
the	name	was	derived	from	the	founder	's	name	dr.	michael	cowpland	.
it	stands	for	cowpland	research	laboratory	.
google
the	name	started	as	a	joke	boasting	about	the	amount	of	information	the	search	-	engine	would	be	able	to	search	.
it	was	originally	named	'	googol	'	,	a	word	for	the	number	represented	by	1	followed	by	100	zeros	.
after	founders	-	stanford	graduate	students	sergey	brin	and	larry	page	presented	their	project	to	an	angel	investor	,	they	received	a	cheque	made	out	to	'	google	'
hotmail
founder	jack	smith	got	the	idea	of	accessing	e-mail	via	the	web	from	a	computer	anywhere	in	the	world	.
when	sabeer	bhatia	came	up	with	the	business	plan	for	the	mail	service	,	he	tried	all	kinds	of	names	ending	in	'	mail	'	and	finally	settled	for	hotmail	as	it	included	the	letters	"	html	"	-	the	programming	language	used	to	write	web	pages	.
it	was	initially	referred	to	as	hotmail	with	selective	uppercasing	.
hewlett	packard
bill	hewlett	and	dave	packard	tossed	a	coin	to	decide	whether	the	company	they	founded	would	be	called	hewlett	-	packard	or	packard	-	hewlett	.
intel
bob	noyce	and	gordon	moore	wanted	to	name	their	new	company	'	moore	noyce	'	but	that	was	already	trademarked	by	a	hotel	chain	so	they	had	to	settle	for	an	acronym	of	integrated	electronics	.
lotus	-lrb-	notes	-rrb-
mitch	kapor	got	the	name	for	his	company	from	'	the	lotus	position	'	or	'	padmasana	'	.
kapor	used	to	be	a	teacher	of	transcendental	meditation	of	maharishi	mahesh	yogi	.
microsoft
coined	by	bill	gates	to	represent	the	company	that	was	devoted	to	microcomputer	software	.
originally	christened	micro	-	soft	,	the	'	-	'	was	removed	later	on	.
motorola
founder	paul	galvin	came	up	with	this	name	when	his	company	started	manufacturing	radios	for	cars	.
the	popular	radio	company	at	the	time	was	called	victrola	.
oracle
larry	ellison	and	bob	oats	were	working	on	a	consulting	project	for	the	cia	-lrb-	central	intelligence	agency	-rrb-	.
the	code	name	for	the	project	was	called	oracle	-lrb-	the	cia	saw	this	as	the	system	to	give	answers	to	all	questions	or	something	such	-rrb-	.
the	project	was	designed	to	help	use	the	newly	written	sql	code	by	ibm	.
the	project	eventually	was	terminated	but	larry	and	bob	decided	to	finish	what	they	started	and	bring	it	to	the	world	.
they	kept	the	name	oracle	and	created	the	rdbms	engine	.
later	they	kept	the	same	name	for	the	company	.
sony
it	originated	from	the	latin	word	'	sonus	'	meaning	sound	,	and	'	sonny	'	a	slang	used	by	americans	to	refer	to	a	bright	youngster	.
sun
founded	by	4	stanford	university	buddies	,	sun	is	the	acronym	for	stanford	university	network	.
andreas	bechtolsheim	built	a	microcomputer	;	vinod	khosla	recruited	him	and	scott	mcnealy	to	manufacture	computers	based	on	it	,	and	bill	joy	to	develop	a	unix	-	based	os	for	the	computer	.
yahoo!
the	word	was	invented	by	jonathan	swift	and	used	in	his	book	'	gulliver	's	travels	'	.
it	represents	a	person	who	is	repulsive	in	appearance	and	action	and	is	barely	human	.
yahoo!	founders	jerry	yang	and	david	filo	selected	the	name	because	they	considered	themselves	yahoos	...
i	am	on	yahoo	!
email	:	mayur...@yahoo.com	sms	:	+	919819602175	web	:
hi	all	,
there	are	already	several	forums	around	the	net	focused	on	discussing	guild	wars	,	so	why	create	a	new	one	?
i	say	why	not	?
the	main	reason	is	google	is	more	accessible	to	the	global	community	and	you	can	rest	assured	that	it	's	not	going	to	go	away	.
i	have	seen	great	fan	sites	suddenly	disappear	without	notice	and	for	no	reason	.
usually	this	happens	because	the	developer	of	the	site	can	no	longer	afford	the	cost	of	bandwidth	being	used	.
that	said	,	the	maintenance	of	this	forum	is	handled	by	google	and	thus	will	remain	reliable	and	it	will	ultimately	give	us	more	time	to	play	:-rrb-	.
i	'm	nothing	more	than	a	devoted	fan	of	the	game	myself	and	i	hope	that	this	area	can	become	a	haven	for	deep	fan	discussions	.
regards	,
humanpixel
aye	!
good	day	mate	!
i	m	really	looking	forward	to	guild	wars	.
anyone	know	a	release	date	?
feb	2005
feb	2005	is	the	projected	release	date	,	although	guild	wars	is	made	by	ex-members	of	blizzard	,	so	feb	2005	could	mean	august	2006	...
anyway	,	i	tried	to	get	a	preorder	but	no	places	were	selling	it	so	i	missed	out	on	2/3	weekend	events	.
oh	well	,	i	'll	get	it	when	it	comes	out	in	febuary	.
rumor	has	feb	05	on	the	calender	.
but	they	stated	that	they	will	take	as	long	as	it	takes	to	work	out	all	the	bugs	so	who	really	know	how	long	.
as	far	as	pre	order	go	to	and	they	have	a	list	of	major	retailers	that	carry	it	there	are	also	a	few	websites	that	you	could	order	it	off	of	.
and	a	good	reason	for	starting	this	group	....	company	firewalls	lol	;-rrb-
i	was	kind	of	curious	,	what	exactly	is	guild	wars	?
i	hav	n't	heard	of	it	.
check	out	the	guild	wars	web	site	at	for	more	info	about	the	game	.
it	's	a	massive	multiplayer	role	playing	game	.
the	graphics	are	without	a	doubt	the	amoung	the	best	graphics	i	have	ever	seen	for	any	game	and	i	have	been	gaming	since	the	mud	days	.
it	's	worth	a	look	.
i	have	a	preorder	and	am	even	considering	getting	a	second	preorder	to	have	multiple	accounts	.
i	have	participated	in	all	the	weekend	beta	events	and	the	world	preview	.
the	game	is	already	100	%	functional	.
i	ca	n't	imagine	them	not	being	able	to	meet	the	feb	05	deadline	.
warm	greetings	to	all	in	this	gw	community	.
i	am	lady	kingel	and	i	hail	from	the	united	legit	gaming	guilds	of	guild	wars	.
we	are	a	consortium	of	legit	honorable	guilds	that	was	established	in	1997	for	di	and	we	are	now	adding	gw	to	the	list	of	games	played	.
the	alliance	is	a	pretty	straightforward	one	.
it	was	formed	to	allow	many	different	guilds	who	were	all	strictly	honorable	to	come	together	as	a	family	and	allow	them	many	people	to	game	with	.
there	are	no	other	requirements	other	than	we	ask	that	members	greet	each	new	member	and	each	new	alliance	and	also	feel	free	to	post	in	any	of	the	forums	.
we	are	also	a	group	who	is	looking	for	members	for	our	own	select	guild	called	ulgg	of	gw	...	which	is	a	part	of	the	alliance	with	the	same	name	.
we	play	in	all	aspects	of	the	game	and	we	hand	pick	our	members	.
i	would	like	to	personally	invite	each	of	you	to	visit	our	website	.
you	are	individuals	of	quality	,	and	in	our	alliance	we	seek	quality	of	member	over	quantity	of	member	.
you	will	be	asked	to	register	,	and	then	you	should	wander	over	to	the	announce	your	arrival	section	and	present	yourself	.
you	will	be	greeted	by	many	members	of	this	wonderful	family	.
i	do	hope	to	see	you	visiting	us	at	the	fire	and	we	shall	prepare	a	feast	for	you	,	as	well	.
if	you	paste	this	in	your	browser	,	it	will	take	you	directly	to	our	gw	website	.
i	extend	my	hand	to	each	of	you	in	true	friendship	,	and	honor	.
come	and	say	hello	...	you	will	be	warmly	welcomed	!
we	are	currently	moving	to	a	new	server	,	so	we	will	be	down	for	a	while	.
i	will	inform	when	we	are	up	and	running	again	.
i	wish	all	happy	holidays	,	and	moreso	,	peace	on	earth	.
kingel
dear	judges	,	lawyers	,	policemen	,	guards	,	counselors	,	taxpayers	,	et.	al.	,
we	are	here	.
like	it	or	not	,	for	good	or	bad	,	we	are	here	.
who	are	we	?
we	are	the	downtrodden	and	dispossesed	,	the	self	-	torturing	,	the	disenfranchised	convicts	,	drug	and	alcohol	addicts	,	the	unemployed	and	unemployable	.
we	are	the	children	of	poverty	,	financial	and	spiritual	.
we	have	and	will	have	children	of	our	own	,	grandchildren	too	.
we	are	ex-cons	,	uninsured	,	homeless	,	of	many	colors	and	speaking	many	tongues	.
we	are	the	enemy	in	what	has	become	a	domestic	war	against	ourselves	.
and	who	are	you	?
you	who	like	the	tough	talk	of	tough	on	crime	?
you	who	watch	as	budgets	are	cut	in	education	and	health	care	while	you	militarize	a	police	force	?
bullet	-	proof	vests	,	automatic	weapons	,	helicopters	,	tanks	,	robots	...	the	testosterone	is	oozing	through	the	streets	,	more	prisons	,	longer	sentences	,	tighten	the	belt	,	spartan	conditions	,	task	forces	,	gang	units	,	gun	courts	.
and	what	is	there	to	show	for	it	?
unemployent	stays	low	because	half	the	population	oversees	those	"	out	of	the	workforce	"	,	the	dregs	,	the	rabble	,	the	enemy	?
please	tell	me	there	is	a	deeper	reason	.
do	you	feel	safer	?
more	humane	?
more	like	a	cohesive	society	with	a	shared	sense	of	purpose	,	who	can	identify	us	and	them	?
do	you	live	in	a	gated	community	or	gentrified	neighborhood	?
by	the	way	,	have	you	read	the	declaration	of	independence	and	us	constitution	-	or	do	you	only	know	the	first	phrases	?
it	's	about	time	we	got	together	.
please	know	that	i	have	yet	to	meet	a	convict	who	wants	their	child	to	be	a	thief	,	an	addict	,	a	dealer	,	a	prostitute	,	or	a	violent	individual	.
most	of	us	still	have	hope	for	ourselves	even	when	stuck	in	the	darkest	dilemmas	,	ruts	and	catch	-	22s	.
most	of	us	believe	in	crafting	laws	and	instilling	order	.
many	of	us	have	burrowed	beneath	the	surface	to	find	a	spiritual	sense	of	being	,	an	understanding	force	at	least	as	powerful	as	those	we	succumbed	to	,	and	many	of	use	would	n't	escape	if	you	opened	the	front	door	.
did	you	know	that	approximately	10	million	americans	are	either	incarcerated	,	on	probation	,	on	parole	or	once	were	in	those	categories	?
each	of	those	10	million	have	families	,	friends	,	neighbors	...	and	so	closer	and	closer	does	the	we	interface	with	the	you	.
do	n't	you	think	it	's	time	we	talked	?
are	you	ready	?
can	you	accept	that	the	road	we	are	travelling	points	toward	a	grim	and	painful	future	?
do	you	have	the	heart	to	face	monumental	failures	while	bravely	struggling	beyond	where	we	are	now	?
i	know	that	some	of	you	are	,	and	that	some	of	us	are	,	and	this	is	what	gives	me	hope	.
you	need	our	insights	just	as	we	need	your	structure	.
it	is	never	over	,	especially	when	a	real	solution	,	a	real	treatment	for	our	sickness	,	is	yet	to	begin	.
in	solidarity	,
bruce	reilly	-lrb-	a.k.a	bruha	-rrb-	p.o.	box	8274	cranston	,	ri	02920	usa
p.s.	-	i	am	trying	to	conceptualize	an	effective	guerilla	media	campaign	to	promote	this	cause	.
ideas	are	welcome	.
collaboration	is	prayed	.
an	annotated	text	of	the	bill	,	read	the	article	by	d.	singmaster	in	"	the	mathematical	intelligencer	"	v	7	#	2	,	pp	69	-	72	.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------	-----
subject	:	where	can	i	get	the	necessary	software	to	get	a	"	smart	"	mail	system	running	on	my	machine	that	will	take	advantage	of	the	postings	in	comp.mail.maps	?	-lrb-	e.g.	,	pathalias	,	smail	,	etc.	-rrb-
there	are	a	couple	of	packages	available	through	the	supporters	of	the	comp.sources.unix	archives	.
if	sites	next	to	you	do	n't	have	what	you	want	,	contact	your	nearest	comp.sources.unix	archive	,	or	the	moderator	.
information	on	archive	sites	,	and	indices	of	comp.sources.unix	back	issues	are	posted	regularly	in	comp.sources.unix	and	comp.sources.d	.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------	-----
subject	:	what	is	"	food	for	the	nsa	line	-	eater	"	?
this	refers	to	the	alleged	scanning	of	all	usenet	traffic	by	the	national	security	agency	-lrb-	and	possibly	other	intelligence	organizations	-rrb-	for	interesting	keywords	.
the	"	food	"	is	believed	to	contain	some	of	those
email	:	"	peanutjake	"	<	peanutjak...@usa.com	>
groups	:	misc.consumers
subject	:	immediate	attention	needed	:
highly	confidential	urgent	assistance	-	from	usa
from	:	george	walker	bush	202.456.1414	/	202.456.1111	fax	:	202.456.2461
dear	sir	/	madam	,
i	am	george	walker	bush	,	son	of	the	former	president	of	the	united	states	of	america	george	herbert	walker	bush	,	and	currently	serving	as	president	of	the	united	states	of	america	.
this	letter	might	surprise	you	because	we	have	not	met	neither	in	person	nor	by	correspondence	.
i	came	to	know	of	you	in	my	search	for	a	reliable	and	reputable	person	to	handle	a	very	confidential	business	transaction	,	which	involves	the	transfer	of	a	huge	sum	of	money	to	an	account	requiring	maximum	confidence	.
i	am	writing	you	in	absolute	confidence	primarily	to	seek	your	assistance	in	acquiring	oil	funds	that	are	presently	trapped	in	the	republic	of	iraq	.
my	partners	and	i	solicit	your	assistance	in	completing	a	transaction	begun	by	my	father	,	who	has	long	been	actively	engaged	in	the	extraction	of	petroleum	in	the	united	states	of	america	,	and	bravely	served	his	country	as	director	of	the	united	states	central	intelligence	agency	.
in	the	decade	of	the	nineteen	-	eighties	,	my	father	,	then	vice	-	president	of	the	united	states	of	america	,	sought	to	work	with	the	good	offices	of	the	president	of	the	republic	of	iraq	to	regain	lost	oil	revenue	sources	in	the	neighboring	islamic	republic	of	iran	.
this	unsuccessful	venture	was	soon	followed	by	a	falling	-	out	with	his	iraqi	partner	,	who	sought	to	acquire	additional	oil	revenue	sources	in	the	neighboring	emirate	of	kuwait	,	a	wholly	-	owned	u.s.	-	british	subsidiary	.
my	father	re-secured	the	petroleum	assets	of	kuwait	in	1991	at	a	cost	of	sixty	-	one	billion	u.s.	dollars	-lrb-	$	61,000,000,000	-rrb-	.
out	of	that	cost	,	thirty	-	six	billion	dollars	-lrb-	$	36,000,000,000	-rrb-	were	supplied	by	king	hussein	,	kingdom	of	saudi	arabia	and	other	persian	gulf	monarchies	,	and	sixteen	billion	dollars	-lrb-	$	16,000,000,000	-rrb-	by	german	and	japanese	partners	.
but	my	father	's	former	iraqi	business	partner	remained	in	control	of	the	republic	of	iraq	and	its	petroleum	reserves	.
my	family	is	calling	for	your	urgent	assistance	in	funding	the	removal	of	the	president	of	the	republic	of	iraq	and	acquiring	the	petroleum	assets	of	his	country	,	as	compensation	for	the	costs	of	removing	him	from	power	.
unfortunately	,	our	partners	from	1991	are	not	willing	to	shoulder	the	burden	of	this	new	venture	,	which	in	its	upcoming	phase	may	cost	the	sum	of	100	billion	to	200	billion	dollars	-lrb-	$	100,000,000,000	-	$	200,000,000,000	-rrb-	,	both	in	the	initial	acquisition	and	in	long	-	term	management	.
without	the	funds	from	our	1991	partners	,	we	would	not	be	able	to	acquire	the	oil	revenue	trapped	within	iraq	.
that	is	why	my	family	and	our	colleagues	are	urgently	seeking	your	gracious	assistance	.
our	distinguished	colleagues	in	this	business	transaction	include	the	sitting	vice-president	of	the	united	states	of	america	,	richard	cheney	,	who	is	an	original	partner	in	the	iraq	venture	and	former	head	of	the	halliburton	oil	company	,	and	condoleeza	rice	,	whose	professional	dedication	to	the	venture	was	demonstrated	in	the	naming	of	a	chevron	oil	tanker	after	her	.
i	would	beseech	you	to	transfer	a	sum	equaling	ten	to	twenty	-	five	percent	-lrb-	10	-	25	%	-rrb-	of	your	yearly	income	to	our	account	to	aid	in	this	important	venture	.
the	internal	revenue	service	of	the	united	states	of	america	will	function	as	our	trusted	intermediary	.
i	propose	that	you	make	this	transfer	before	the	fifteenth	-lrb-	15th	-rrb-	of	the	month	of	april	.
i	know	that	a	transaction	of	this	magnitude	would	make	anyone	apprehensive	and	worried	.
but	i	am	assuring	you	that	all	will	be	well	at	the	end	of	the	day	.
a	bold	step	taken	shall	not	be	regretted	,	i	assure	you	.
please	do	be	informed	that	this	business	transaction	is	100	%	legal	.
if	you	do	not	wish	to	co-operate	in	this	transaction	,	please	contact	our	intermediary	representatives	to	further	discuss	the	matter	.
i	pray	that	you	understand	our	plight	.
my	family	and	our	colleagues	will	be	forever	grateful	.
please	reply	in	strict	confidence	to	the	contact	numbers	below	.
sincerely	with	warm	regards	,
george	walker	bush	switchboard	:	202.456.1414	comments	:	202.456.1111	fax	:	202.456.2461	e-mail	:	presid...@whitehouse.gov
us	battles	to	save	storm	victims
watch	the	airlift
emergency	teams	in	the	southern	us	are	battling	to	reach	survivors	of	hurricane	katrina	,	the	most	destructive	storm	to	hit	the	country	in	decades	.
hundreds	of	people	are	feared	dead	in	mississippi	,	and	the	louisiana	city	of	new	orleans	is	badly	flooded	.
the	city	mayor	said	rescuers	were	unable	to	retrieve	the	dead	.
"	they	're	just	pushing	them	aside	,	"	he	said	.
amid	worsening	conditions	,	officials	plan	to	evacuate	a	new	orleans	stadium	where	up	to	20,000	people	took	shelter	.
the	superdome	stadium	is	without	power	,	and	toilets	are	overflowing	.
map	of	central	new	orleans
"	it	's	a	very	,	very	desperate	situation	,	"	louisiana	governor	kathleen	blanco	said	.
[	an	error	occurred	while	processing	this	directive	]
one	resident	of	new	orleans	said	escaping	from	the	storm	was	"	hell	"	.
"	we	were	screaming	,	hollering	,	flashing	lights	.
it	was	complete	chaos	,	"	kioka	williams	told	the	associated	press	news	agency	.
she	had	to	hack	her	way	through	the	ceiling	of	her	beauty	shop	as	flood	waters	rose	in	the	city	of	half	a	million	people	-	much	of	which	lies	below	sea	level	.
flooding
walls	keeping	water	out	of	the	bowl	-	shaped	city	have	been	breached	,	and	emergency	teams	are	using	helicopters	to	drop	1,350	kg	-lrb-	3,000	lb	-rrb-	sandbags	and	concrete	barriers	into	the	gaps	.
before	the	phones	went	,	i	was	told	[	my	family	in	biloxi	]	had	lost	their	roof	,	barn	,	2	oak	trees	and	many	pines	and	they	were	letting	in	water
natalie	mcveigh	oakley	,	england
your	katrina	experiences
blogging	katrina
new	orleans	mayor	ray	nagin	said	up	to	80	%	of	the	city	was	submerged	,	in	some	cases	by	waters	6	m	-lrb-	20	ft	-rrb-	deep	.
he	warned	water	levels	could	still	rise	.
"	some	sections	of	the	city	which	are	dry	now	could	see	nine	or	10	feet	-lrb-	some	3	m	-rrb-	of	water	,	"	he	said	.
the	us	army	corps	of	engineers	says	it	could	take	a	month	to	clear	the	flood	waters	,	and	the	government	's	disaster	relief	agency	has	urged	evacuees	not	to	try	to	get	back	to	their	homes	.
the	bbc	's	alastair	leithead	in	new	orleans	says	there	is	panic	as	vital	supplies	run	out	.
heavily	armed	police	have	been	trying	to	impose	a	form	of	martial	law	to	stem	outbreaks	of	looting	.
while	some	looters	are	stealing	non-essential	goods	,	others	are	simply	trying	to	find	food	and	water	.
'	hundreds	dead	'
the	situation	appears	to	be	even	worse	in	mississippi	.
"	you	're	going	to	be	looking	at	hundreds	dead	along	the	coast	,	"	a	state	official	said	.
[	an	error	occurred	while	processing	this	directive	]
casinos	housed	in	barges	have	been	hurled	onto	the	beach	and	beyond	.
tens	of	thousands	are	homeless	,	and	officials	say	it	could	be	weeks	before	power	is	restored	.
"	i	can	only	imagine	that	this	is	what	hiroshima	looked	like	60	years	ago	,	"	said	mississippi	governor	haley	barbour	after	viewing	the	destruction	from	the	air	.
survivors	are	being	found	all	the	time	,	including	two	children	who	lost	their	parents	.
harrison	county	in	mississippi	bore	the	brunt	of	hurricane	katrina	as	it	slammed	into	biloxi	and	gulfport	before	heading	inland	.
mississippi	media	earlier	reported	54	people	killed	in	the	state	.
in	biloxi	,	30	people	were	reported	dead	in	one	block	of	flats	which	was	hit	by	a	9	m	-lrb-	30	ft	-rrb-	"	storm	surge	"	.
the	town	's	death	toll	may	be	"	in	the	hundreds	"	,	municipal	spokesman	vincent	creel	said	.
mobilising
louisiana	's	governor	blanco	urged	residents	to	spend	wednesday	in	prayer	and	assured	them	the	crisis	would	eventually	be	overcome	.
follow	katrina	's	path
the	us	red	cross	has	mobilised	thousands	of	volunteers	for	its	biggest	-	ever	natural	disaster	effort	and	federal	emergency	teams	are	being	dispatched	to	affected	areas	.
president	george	w	bush	,	who	has	cut	his	holiday	two	days	short	,	has	called	on	americans	to	donate	to	the	red	cross	or	other	organisations	.
damage	estimates	of	more	than	$	25	bn	suggest	it	could	be	the	us	insurance	industry	's	most	expensive	natural	disaster	ever	.
the	price	of	crude	oil	on	the	international	market	hit	a	record	$	70.85	a	barrel	due	to	the	vulnerability	of	oil	and	gas	fields	in	the	gulf	of	mexico	.
the	us	energy	secretary	has	announced	that	oil	will	be	released	from	government	petroleum	reserves	.
return	to	the	top
moon	landing	hoax	:	church	=	technology	&	government	-	shuttle	carried	on	aircraft	model
q	:	nasa	is	a	waste	!
-lrb-	answered	,	2	comments	-rrb-
question
subject	:	nasa	is	a	waste	!
category	:	science	>	astronomy
asked	by	:	yheggy	-	ga
list	price	:	$	2.00
posted	:	25	oct	2004	18:32	pdt
expires	:	24	nov	2004	17:32	pst
question	id	:	420072
how	much	money	does	the	usa	give	nasa	per	year	?
answer
subject	:	re	:	nasa	is	a	waste	!
answered	by	:	googlenut	-	ga	on	25	oct	2004	19:14	pdt
hello	yheggy	-	ga	,
on	september	21	,	2004	,	the	u.s.	senate	appropriations	committee	approved	$	16.379	billion	in	funding	for	nasa	for	fiscal	year	2005	.
this	is	a	$	200	million	increase	over	what	nasa	received	for	fiscal	year	2004	.
u.s.	senate	committee	on	appropriations
press	release
september	21	,	2004
"	national	aeronautics	and	space	administration	-lrb-	nasa	-rrb-	:	is	funded	at	$	16.379	billion	,	an	increase	of	$	200	million	over	the	fy04	enacted	level	,	and	a	reduction	of	$	665	million	from	the	budget	request	.
an	additional	$	800	million	in	emergency	funding	was	added	for	nasa	during	the	committee	's	consideration	of	the	bill	.
--	the	return	to	flight	activities	for	the	shuttle	program	are	funded	at	$	4.319	billion	,	the	requested	level	from	the	administration	.
--	the	international	space	station	is	funded	at	$	1.6	billion	.
the	bill	reduces	iss	operations	by	$	120	million	due	to	the	continued	reduced	capability	of	the	iss	for	at	least	half	of	fy05	.
--	the	moon	/	mars	vision	:
---	the	crew	exploration	vehicle	-lrb-	cev	-rrb-	is	funded	at	$	268	million	.
---	a	lunar	exploration	mission	is	funded	at	$	20	million	.
---	$	10	million	is	provided	for	centennial	challenges	.
neighborhood	reinvestment	corporation	-lrb-	nrc	-rrb-	:	is	funded	at	$	115	million	,	the	same	as	fy04	and	the	budget	request	.	"
spacetoday.net
senate	increases	nasa	funding
"	the	senate	appropriations	committee	used	a	somewhat	controversial	technique	tuesday	to	increase	nasa	's	fiscal	year	2005	budget	by	$	200	million	over	what	president	bush	requested	.
the	committee	voted	to	give	nasa	$	16.4	billion	in	2005	,	about	$	200	million	more	than	what	the	president	requested	and	over	$	1	billion	more	than	what	house	appropriators	approved	in	july	.	"
i	hope	you	have	found	this	information	helpful	.
if	you	have	any	questions	,	please	request	clarification	prior	to	rating	the	answer	.
googlenut
google	search	terms	:
nasa	funding
comments	log	in	to	add	a	comment
subject	:	re	:	nasa	is	a	waste	!
from	:	saem_aero	-	ga	on	26	oct	2004	18:11	pdt
excellent	answer	googlenut	.
let	me	add	some	additional	info	.
you	can	get	details	about	nasa	spending	here	,	from	their	own	webpage	.
also	,	from	their	own	webpage	,	reasons	why	nasa	is	important	,	in	a	5th	grade	format	.
i	guess	if	you	are	someone	not	familiar	with	how	nasa	benefits	our	society	i	can	see	how	one	might	form	the	opinion	of	yheggy	-	ga	.
let	me	put	it	this	way	-	if	you	have	watched	tv	recently	,	crossed	a	modern	bridge	,	flown	in	an	airplane	,	recieved	any	form	of	modern	medicine	,	did	any	mathematics	,	drove	a	car	,	used	a	cellular	phone	,	etc.	then	you	have	somehow	directly	reaped	the	rewards	which	nasa	has	returned	to	us	.
also	nasa	has	a	large	outreach	program	for	education	,	some	people	believe	this	is	important	.
best	,	steve	.
subject	:	re	:	nasa	is	a	waste	!	from	:	jaqamofino	-	ga	on	26	apr	2005	06:02	pdt
i	believe	that	nasa	is	a	huge	waste	of	tax	payers	'	money	,	but	there	are	so	many	huge	wastes	of	tax	payer	monies	,	that	i	find	it	best	not	to	think	about	it	.
i	also	think	the	national	endowment	for	the	arts	is	a	waste	,	but	i	guess	i	would	rather	see	my	money	go	to	the	nea	than	nasa	.
of	course	,	in	a	perfect	world	,	tax	payers	'	money	would	go	toward	some	sort	of	national	healthcare	program	,	and	housing	for	the	homeless	,	but	this	is	far	from	a	perfect	world	.
in	response	to	steve	's	comment	:	do	you	really	believe	that	spending	trillions	on	space	exploration	over	the	years	was	the	only	way	to	invent	the	cellfone	?
and	bridges	???
i	find	that	extremely	hard	to	believe	.
i	think	it	could	have	been	done	in	a	much	more	cost	efficient	way	,	right	here	on	bad	-	old	-	planet	-	earth	.
just	my	two	cents	.
thanks	for	listening	.
please	take	a	moment	to	read	this	.
i	realize	that	it	may	sound	strange	,	but	we	are	desparate	in	our	efforts	and	are	willing	to	try	anything	to	help	our	dear	sick	friend	.
this	costs	absolutely	nothing	,	and	will	take	about	one	minute	of	your	time	.
this	is	not	a	hoax	,	as	so	many	of	these	emails	actully	are	.
in	quick	summary	,	beyond	control	,	a	local	band	in	our	area	,	is	sponoring	a	benefit	for	a	cancer	victim	whose	benefits	have	run	out	.
that	band	is	involved	in	a	local	competition	which	promises	a	$	5000	first	prize	,	which	they	would	like	to	win	in	order	to	donate	it	to	the	benefit	fund	which	they	have	started	.
below	are	some	emails	to	friends	explaining	a	little	more	about	this	effort	.
what	we	are	trying	to	do	is	solicit	votes	for	the	band	,	in	order	to	put	them	in	first	place	.
they	are	currently	in	third	place	,	and	need	your	help	so	that	the	prize	money	can	be	used	for	a	humanatarian	cause	.
you	can	vote	at	the	following	link	,	it	will	only	take	a	few	seconds	.
please	take	a	moment	to	click	on	the	link	below	and	cast	your	vote	for	beyond	control	.
thank	you	in	advance	for	your	contribution	to	this	effort	.
also	,	please	pass	this	along	to	everyone	you	know	,	and	all	of	your	email	contacts	.
we	need	the	power	of	the	internet	to	pull	this	off	.
the	web	site	is
you	can	check	the	validity	of	all	of	this	at	the	beyond	control	website	.
that	address	is	.
the	home	page	for	rockin	on	the	river	is	,	and	it	lists	all	the	acts	scheduled	for	the	season	.
you	can	check	that	out	as	well	,	to	confirm	that	this	is	all	real	,	and	for	a	worthy	cause	.
abby	is	our	beloved	friend	,	and	we	are	trying	to	raise	money	for	her	any	way	we	can	,	so	this	prize	money	is	important	to	help	her	continue	to	receive	her	life	-	saving	treatments	.
many	thanks	,	and	may	god	bless	you	all	and	keep	you	healthy	.
here	are	some	emails	we	have	sent	,	along	with	the	flyer	for	the	benefit	fund	raiser	we	are	holding	in	june	,	just	for	your	information	.
roy	,
i	am	sending	you	some	info	that	i	have	passed	along	regarding	the	effort	to	win	the	cash	for	the	fund	raising	benefit	.
if	you	can	pass	this	info	along	,	and	ask	everyone	you	know	to	forward	it	to	their	contacts	,	etc	,	we	may	have	a	shot	at	pulling	this	off	.
thanks	,
fred
john	,
i	will	attach	the	letter	explaining	the	benefit	we	are	sponsoring	.
there	is	a	link	to	the	contest	page	.
any	help	in	distributing	this	will	be	greatly	appreciated	.
it	is	certainly	for	a	good	cause	.
abby	needs	to	fly	to	new	york	twice	a	month	for	these	treatments	,	and	her	time	on	the	federal	grant	program	has	expired	.
she	does	n't	have	the	funds	to	continue	without	the	grant	,	and	without	these	treatments	,	her	prognosis	is	grim	.
i	hope	you	have	a	huge	network	.
also	encourage	your	recipients	to	forward	this	along	to	their	contacts	,	and	so	on	,	so	that	the	movement	to	help	her	grows	exponentially	.
we	must	finish	in	first	place	in	order	to	contribute	the	$	5000	to	the	benefit	fund	.
thank	you	so	much	for	caring	enough	to	offer	your	help	.
fred
benefit	auction	&	raffle	for	abby	freeman
when	:	june	12	,	2005	,	2:00	p.m.	to	2:00	a.m.
where	:	main	street	saloon
admission	:	donations	at	the	door
abby	freeman	is	our	good	friend	who	has	non-hodgkin	lymphoma	,	and	she	needs	your	help	!
her	grant	for	the	life	saving	treatments	she	needs	has	run	out	,	and	we	need	to	help	her	to	continue	to	receive	these	treatments	.
abby	has	three	wonderful	young	children	,	and	friends	who	love	her	and	need	her	.
please	help	us	to	help	her	win	this	fight	.
with	your	help	,	we	know	she	can	do	it	!!
we	'll	have	four	bands	,	and	big	d	is	cookin'	.....	lots	of	fun	and	great	prizes	.
this	is	an	event	you	do	n't	want	to	miss	!!
bands	,	food	,	and	prizes	are	sponsored	by	beyond	control	,	who	will	be	competing	in	the	band	of	the	year	contest	at	the	river	front	festival	in	cuyahoga	falls	on	july	1	.
the	winner	of	this	competition	will	receive	$	5000	,	which	beyond	control	hopes	to	win	in	order	to	donate	it	to	the	abby	freeman	fund	.
please	help	us	by	logging	onto	the	rockin	on	the	river	website	at	.
cast	a	vote	for	beyond	control	,	and	help	us	provide	abby	with	her	life	saving	treatments	again	.
donations	can	also	be	made	through	charter	one	bank	.
make	checks	payable	to	kendel	bunnell	c	/	o	benefit	for	abby	freeman
by	richard	spencer
-lrb-	filed	:	19/11/2004	-rrb-
china	's	insatiable	demand	for	energy	is	prompting	fears	of	financial	and	diplomatic	collisions	around	the	globe	as	it	seeks	reliable	supplies	of	oil	from	as	far	away	as	brazil	and	sudan	.
an	intrusion	into	japanese	territorial	waters	by	a	chinese	nuclear	submarine	last	week	and	a	trade	deal	with	brazil	are	the	latest	apparently	unconnected	consequences	of	china	's	soaring	economic	growth	.
increased	car	usage	in	china	is	creating	a	high	demand	for	petrol
the	connection	,	however	,	lies	in	an	order	issued	last	year	by	president	hu	jintao	to	seek	secure	oil	supplies	abroad	-	preferably	ones	which	could	not	be	stopped	by	america	in	case	of	conflict	over	taiwan	.
the	submarine	incident	was	put	down	to	a	"	technical	error	"	by	the	chinese	government	,	which	apologised	to	japan	.
but	even	before	the	incident	the	people	's	daily	,	the	government	mouthpiece	,	had	commented	that	competition	over	the	east	china	sea	between	the	two	countries	was	"	only	a	prelude	of	the	game	between	china	and	japan	in	the	arena	of	international	energy	"	.
the	brazil	trade	deal	included	funding	for	a	joint	oil	-	drilling	and	pipeline	programme	at	a	cost	that	experts	said	would	add	up	to	three	times	the	cost	of	simply	buying	oil	on	the	market	.
the	west	,	however	,	has	paid	little	attention	to	these	developments	.
for	the	united	states	and	europe	are	far	more	concerned	with	the	even	more	sensitive	issues	of	china	's	relations	with	"	pariah	states	"	.
in	september	,	china	threatened	to	veto	any	move	to	impose	sanctions	on	sudan	over	the	atrocities	in	darfur	.
it	has	invested	$	3	billion	in	the	african	country	's	oil	industry	,	which	supplies	it	with	seven	per	cent	of	its	needs	.
then	,	this	month	,	it	said	that	it	opposed	moves	to	refer	iran	's	nuclear	stand	-	off	with	the	international	atomic	energy	agency	to	the	united	nations	security	council	.
a	week	before	,	china	's	second	biggest	state	oil	firm	had	signed	a	$	70	billion	deal	for	oilfield	and	natural	gas	development	with	iran	,	which	already	supplies	13	per	cent	of	china	's	needs	.
china	has	its	own	reserves	of	oil	and	natural	gas	and	once	was	a	net	oil	exporter	.
but	as	its	economy	has	expanded	by	an	average	of	nine	per	cent	per	year	for	the	last	two	decades	,	so	has	its	demand	for	energy	.
this	year	it	overtook	japan	as	the	world	's	second	largest	consumer	of	energy	,	behind	the	us	.
its	projected	demand	,	boosted	by	a	huge	rise	in	car	ownership	as	well	as	the	need	to	find	alternatives	to	polluting	coal	for	electricity	generation	,	has	contributed	to	the	surge	in	the	price	of	oil	this	year	.
shortages	are	already	leading	to	power	cuts	in	the	big	cities	.
since	president	hu	ordered	state	-	owned	oil	firms	to	"	go	abroad	"	to	ensure	supply	,	they	have	begun	drilling	for	gas	in	the	east	china	sea	,	just	west	of	the	line	that	japan	regards	as	its	border	.
japan	protested	,	to	no	avail	,	that	the	project	should	be	a	joint	one	.
the	two	are	also	set	to	clash	over	russia	's	oil	wealth	.
china	is	furious	that	japan	has	outbid	it	in	their	battle	to	determine	the	route	of	the	pipeline	that	russia	intends	to	build	to	the	far	east	.
japan	favoured	a	route	to	the	sea	,	enabling	oil	to	be	shipped	to	both	japan	and	china	.
china	wanted	an	overland	route	through	its	own	territory	,	which	would	give	it	ultimate	control	if	hostilities	broke	out	.
increasingly	,	analysts	are	saying	that	china	's	efforts	have	gone	beyond	what	is	safe	or	even	in	its	own	interests	.
claude	mandil	,	the	executive	director	of	the	international	energy	agency	in	paris	,	said	the	reserves	in	the	east	china	sea	were	hardly	worth	the	trouble	.
"	nobody	thinks	that	there	will	be	a	lot	of	oil	and	gas	in	this	part	of	the	world	,	"	he	said	.
"	it	may	be	a	difficult	political	issue	but	i	do	n't	think	the	energy	content	is	worthwhile	.	"
eurasia	group	,	a	new	york	-	based	firm	of	political	analysts	,	said	its	oil	experts	worked	out	that	china	was	paying	such	an	inflated	price	for	its	investment	in	brazil	that	the	cost	for	the	oil	it	ended	up	with	was	three	times	the	market	price	.
"	if	china	's	economy	falters	,	which	,	in	my	view	,	appears	increasingly	likely	,	then	commodity	prices	will	plummet	,	and	with	them	,	the	value	of	the	assets	that	produce	them	,	"	jason	kindopp	,	eurasia	's	lead	china	analyst	,	said	.
"	beijing	may	end	up	in	a	early	1990s	japan	situation	,	where	it	is	forced	to	sell	recently	purchased	overseas	assets	for	a	fraction	of	what	it	paid	for	them	.	"
china	's	wider	aggression	to	secure	oil	and	gas	was	the	greatest	threat	to	its	international	standing	in	the	next	decade	.
"	sudan	is	the	primary	example	,	"	he	said	.
"	it	marks	the	first	time	in	recent	years	that	china	has	promised	to	wield	its	veto	power	in	the	un	security	council	against	a	petition	initiated	by	the	united	states	and	backed	by	france	and	great	britain	.	"
email	:	dharmad...@gmail.com
visualizations	as	a	helpful	beginning	technique
-----------------------------------------------
if	you	consider	that	you	still	need	the	assistance	of	other	visualizations	to	help	the	mind	feel	the	spirit	of	transcendence	,	try	the	following	before	moving	onto	the	more	formal	method	below	.
visualisations	can	be	as	useful	tools	,	but	meditation	is	more	than	that	.
meditation	has	to	do	with	what	is	called	ideation	.
it	is	always	good	to	stick	to	a	formal	intense	meditation	practice	like	the	one	for	beginners	described	in	the	mp3	file	that	follows	after	the	visualisations	.
find	a	comfortable	place	on	the	floor	and	sit	with	your	legs	crossed	.
place	your	hands	one	on	top	of	the	other	in	your	lap	,	keep	your	back	straight	,	eyes	closed	and	tongue	on	the	roof	of	your	mouth	.
your	breathing	should	be	calm	and	relaxed	,	through	the	nose	.
spend	a	minute	or	so	concentrating	on	your	breath	,	feeling	the	air	flowing	through	your	nostrils	.
1	.	warm	sun	visualization
continue	to	breathe	slowly	and	deeply	.
with	each	breath	,	feel	the	muscles	in	your	body	becoming	lighter	and	lighter	,	and	also	your	external	motor	and	sensory	organs	are	feeling	like	they	are	withdrawing	from	the	world	into	a	special	inner	quietness	.
imagine	the	tension	melting	away	as	you	continue	breathing	rhythmically	and	naturally	.
picture	yourself	sitting	on	a	warm	,	tropical	beach	basking	in	the	glow	of	the	sun	...	.
visualize	the	vivid	,	beautiful	colours	of	the	earth	-lrb-	its	flowers	and	plants	-rrb-	,	the	sea	next	to	you	,	and	the	sky	above	you	.
feel	yourself	floating	above	the	earth	and	sea	.
as	you	sit	above	the	world	,	the	warmth	of	the	golden	sun	penetrates	your	body	and	makes	you	feel	warmer	and	warmer	.
it	surrounds	you	.
the	golden	rays	feel	soft	and	soothing	.
now	you	are	far	above	the	earth	-	into	space	.
everything	around	you	is	so	vast	.
yet	,	there	is	warmth	and	a	familiarity	with	the	vastness	.
you	want	to	merge	your	mind	with	the	greater	universal	mind	that	surrounds	you	.
continue	to	ideate	on	this	intense	desire	for	your	mind	to	merge	with	the	that	universal	consciousness	.
and	while	doing	so	continue	using	the	baba	nam	kevalam	mantra	-lrb-	breathe	in	with	baba	nam	,	breathe	out	with	kevalam	-rrb-	.
try	this	for	5	to	10	minutes	.
now	come	back	to	earth	again	-	slowly	.
imagine	yourself	sitting	on	the	beach	serenely	and	restfully	.
your	muscles	are	loose	and	limp	.
feel	your	body	sinking	slightly	into	the	sand	making	that	earthly	connection	again	.
the	sun	's	rays	and	warmth	are	still	with	you	,	surrounding	you	.
you	are	in	a	state	of	peace	and	relaxation	.
with	each	breath	,	watch	your	body	and	ensure	that	it	remains	relaxed	-	at	peace	.
continue	to	feel	the	warmth	of	the	sunlight	all	over	your	body	,	warming	you	deeply	and	gently	.
you	want	to	bring	something	back	with	you	from	your	deep	space	experience	where	you	sensed	your	mind	merging	with	the	universal	mind	.
this	will	be	the	warmth	of	the	sun	-	a	close	reminder	and	link	between	earth	and	the	infinite	space	.
visualize	the	inside	of	your	body	bathed	in	the	golden	light	,	absorbing	every	ray	and	glowing	as	radiantly	as	the	sun	.
a	warm	,	gentle	breeze	swirls	around	your	body	and	relaxes	you	even	more	.
let	your	mind	and	body	be	totally	at	peace	.
now	feel	yourself	returning	to	where	you	sit	...	move	your	hands	and	feet	a	little	,	stretch	them	.
open	your	eyes	.
2	.	mountain	visualization
another	thing	you	can	try	.
imagine	you	're	sitting	on	top	of	a	mountain	,	and	that	it	's	the	most	peaceful	place	you	can	think	of	.
feel	that	you	're	sitting	there	in	complete	peace	,	right	on	top	of	the	world	.
now	imagine	that	infinite	happiness	is	surrounding	you	in	every	direction	.
feel	you	're	completely	surrounded	by	that	infinite	peace	and	happiness	.
now	start	to	repeat	within	your	mind	the	mantra	:	baba	nam	kevalam	.
its	meaning	is	"	infinite	happiness	is	everywhere	"	.
feel	the	meaning	,	do	n't	just	think	of	its	wordy	meaning	or	try	to	translate	from	sanskrit	-lrb-	baba	nam	kevalam	-rrb-	to	an	english	meaning	-lrb-	infinite	peace	and	happiness	-rrb-	.
think	internally	,	intuitively	,	not	by	words	,	of	the	meaning	,	as	you	're	repeating	it	.
this	is	called	ideation	.
it	is	important	to	take	the	idea	,	not	just	the	intellectual	analysis	.
touching	deep	into	the	idea	is	what	builds	intuition	-	it	is	a	synthetic	process	.
whereas	,	trying	to	translate	and	grapple	with	wordy	meanings	is	an	intellectual	mechanism	-	an	analytical	process	.
feel	you	're	surrounded	by	infinite	peace	and	happiness	,	and	feel	that	your	own	sense	of	existence	is	in	direct	contact	with	that	endless	peace	and	happiness	all	around	you	.
you	can	go	further	and	feel	that	your	unit	consciousness	,	a	dot	in	the	infinite	consciousness	,	is	merging	with	infinity	.
continue	for	as	long	as	you	like	,	then	open	your	eyes	.
ok	that	is	fairly	basic	:-rrb-	.
the	important	point	is	to	develop	some	psycho-spiritual	connection	between	your	mind	and	the	universal	consciousness	or	supreme	consciousness	.
do	n't	worry	if	you	have	trouble	concentrating	on	the	mantra	and	ideation	-	that	's	normal	.
it	takes	some	time	and	practice	to	be	able	to	focus	on	the	one	thought	.
the	main	thing	is	to	keep	practicing	.
if	you	do	n't	practice	,	then	nothing	happens	.
well	maybe	a	miracle	could	happen	,	but	let	s	face	it	we	're	ordinary	people	and	so	require	practical	day	to	day	techniques	!
---
north	carolina	religious	coalition	for	marriage	equality
from	what	we	hear	from	the	news	media	,	one	could	easily	conclude	that	all	christians	are	opposed	to	gay	marriage	.
but	that	's	not	the	case	.
last	year	an	organization	named	the	north	carolina	religious	coalition	for	marriage	equality	was	formed	to	get	out	the	message	that	at	least	some	people	of	faith	are	not	opposed	to	extending	the	rights	and	responsibilities	of	civil	marriage	to	same	-	gender	couples	.
one	of	"	ncrc4me	's	"	major	efforts	is	to	collect	signatures	for	the	attached	"	declaration	of	religious	leaders	,	"	which	has	been	and	will	again	be	presented	to	members	of	the	nc	legislature	.
it	presents	the	case	for	marriage	equality	and	states	,	"	we	are	resolved	that	the	state	should	not	interfere	with	same	-	gender	couples	who	choose	to	marry	and	share	fully	and	equally	in	the	rights	,	responsibilities	,	and	commitments	of	civil	marriage	.	"
a	measure	to	amend	the	nc	constitution	to	ban	gay	marriage	was	defeated	last	year	but	already	has	been	reintroduced	in	the	2005	legislative	session	,	so	there	is	a	real	need	for	visible	support	for	the	"	pro-same	-	gender	-	marriage	"	side	of	this	issue	.
at	its	february	meeting	the	chs	vestry	voted	unanimously	to	add	their	names	to	the	declaration	.
our	rector	barbara	and	our	deacon	clare	also	have	signed	the	declaration	.
furthermore	,	the	vestry	voted	unanimously	to	invite	the	support	of	members	of	the	chs	congregation	for	the	declaration	.
-lrb-	since	the	declaration	is	written	as	coming	from	"	religious	leaders	,	"	people	who	do	n't	consider	themselves	"	religious	leaders	"	can	sign	as	"	supporters	of	the	north	carolina	religious	coalition	for	marriage	equality	.	"	-rrb-
please	note	that	the	declaration	addresses	only	civil	marriage	;	it	says	nothing	about	religious	beliefs	or	practices	regarding	marriage	.
if	you	have	any	questions	please	feel	free	to	call	me	-lrb-	after	sat.	the	26th	,	when	i	will	return	from	a	trip	-rrb-	.
sign	-	up	lists	will	be	available	at	the	services	on	feb.	27	and	march	6	,	or	you	can	email	me	.
i	will	email	names	and	email	addresses	-lrb-	or	postal	addresses	-rrb-	of	signers	to	ncrc4me	in	time	for	their	"	lobby	day	"	in	raleigh	on	march	15	.
thank	you	for	your	consideration	of	this	issue	.
for	the	church	of	the	holy	spirit	vestry	,
dudley	cate	828-296-8466	jodud...@aol.com
---------------------------
north	carolina	religious	coalition	for	marriage	equality	declaration	of	religious	leaders	april	19	,	2004
the	most	fundamental	human	right	,	after	the	necessities	of	food	,	clothing	and	shelter	,	is	the	right	to	affection	and	the	supportive	love	of	other	human	beings	.
we	become	most	fully	human	when	we	love	another	person	.
we	can	grow	in	our	capacity	to	be	human	-	to	be	loving	-	in	a	family	unit	.
this	right	to	love	and	form	a	family	is	so	fundamental	that	our	united	states	constitution	takes	it	for	granted	in	its	dedication	to	"	secure	the	blessings	of	liberty	to	ourselves	and	our	posterity	.	"
the	north	carolina	constitution	likewise	affirms	the	"	inalienable	rights	"	of	human	beings	to	"	life	,	liberty	,	the	enjoyment	of	the	fruits	of	their	own	labor	,	and	the	pursuit	of	happiness	.	"
throughout	history	,	tyrants	have	known	that	by	denying	the	right	of	oppressed	peoples	to	form	and	nurture	families	,	they	can	kill	the	spirit	of	those	peoples	.
>	from	the	shameful	history	of	slavery	in	america	,	the	injustice	of	forbidding	people	to	marry	is	evident	as	a	denial	of	a	basic	human	right	.
the	american	laws	forbidding	interracial	marriage	,	now	struck	down	,	were	clearly	discriminatory	.
denial	of	the	status	of	marriage	to	those	who	would	freely	accept	its	responsibilities	creates	legal	and	economic	inequities	and	social	injustice	.
we	feel	called	to	protest	and	oppose	this	injustice	.
as	religious	people	,	clergy	and	lay	leaders	,	we	are	mandated	by	faith	to	stand	for	justice	in	our	common	civic	life	.
we	oppose	the	use	of	sacred	texts	and	religious	traditions	to	deny	legal	equity	to	same	-	gender	couples	.
as	concerned	citizens	we	affirm	the	liberty	of	adults	of	the	same	gender	to	love	and	marry	.
we	insist	that	no	one	,	especially	the	state	,	is	allowed	to	coerce	people	into	marriage	or	bar	two	consenting	adults	,	whether	of	the	same	or	differing	genders	,	from	forming	the	family	unit	that	lets	them	be	more	fully	loving	,	thus	more	fully	human	.
we	respect	the	fact	that	debate	and	discussion	continue	in	many	of	our	religious	communities	as	to	the	scriptural	,	theological	and	liturgical	issues	involved	.
however	,	we	draw	on	our	many	faith	traditions	to	arrive	at	a	common	conviction	.
we	are	resolved	that	the	state	should	not	interfere	with	same	-	gender	couples	who	choose	to	marry	and	share	fully	and	equally	in	the	rights	,	responsibilities	,	and	commitments	of	civil	marriage	.
we	affirm	freedom	of	conscience	in	this	matter	.
we	recognize	that	the	state	may	not	require	religious	groups	to	officiate	at	,	or	bless	,	same	-	gender	marriages	.
likewise	,	a	denial	of	state	civil	recognition	dishonors	the	religious	convictions	of	those	communities	and	clergy	who	officiate	at	,	and	bless	,	same	-	gender	marriages	.
the	state	may	not	favor	the	convictions	of	one	religious	group	over	another	by	denying	individuals	their	fundamental	right	to	marry	and	to	have	those	marriages	recognized	by	civil	law	.
as	faith	leaders	,	we	commit	ourselves	to	public	action	,	visibility	,	education	,	and	mutual	support	in	the	service	of	the	right	and	freedom	to	marry	.
--
tom	dempsey	gulf	breeze	,	fl	850-748-0740
email	:	bill	mcginnis	<	bmc...@patriot.net	>
the	one	reason	why	all	americans	should	oppose	the	nomination	of	samuel	alito
he	would	tear	down	our	system	of	checks	and	balances	,	giving	far	too	much	power	to	the	president
my	fellow	americans	:
as	many	of	you	may	have	heard	,	president	bush	has	nominated	a	long	-	time	federal	judge	named	samuel	alito	to	become	the	next	member	of	the	united	states	supreme	court	,	to	fill	a	vacancy	created	by	the	retirement	of	another	member	of	the	court	.
under	our	constitution	,	this	nomination	can	not	take	effect	unless	and	until	the	united	states	senate	gives	its	consent	,	as	described	in	our	constitution	,	article	ii	,	section	2	.
a	copy	of	the	constitution	,	with	links	back	to	the	official	source	,	is	located	at	http://loveallpeople.org/usconstitutiona.txt
judge	samuel	alito	is	very	highly	qualified	by	all	of	the	normal	standards	used	to	evaluate	candidates	for	this	position	:
he	has	a	very	high	intellect	.
he	graduated	very	high	in	his	class	,	from	princeton	undergraduate	and	from	law	school	at	yale	.
he	has	a	long	and	distinguished	record	,	including	many	years	as	a	federal	appeals	judge	,	the	next	level	below	supreme	court	.
he	has	encyclopedic	knowledge	of	hundreds	of	different	supreme	court	cases	,	and	he	can	recite	details	from	memory	.
he	demonstrates	an	excellent	"	judicial	temperament	,	"	being	courteous	,	mild	-	mannered	,	respectful	of	all	people	;	careful	in	his	work	,	meticulous	in	detail	.
his	co-workers	love	him	.
his	fellow	judges	love	him	.
his	family	loves	him	.
president	bush	loves	him	.
yes	,	it	is	true	that	some	people	do	n't	like	the	way	they	think	he	will	vote	on	the	supreme	court	.
but	other	people	do	like	the	way	they	think	he	will	vote	,	and	the	ones	who	favor	him	seem	to	outnumber	the	ones	who	oppose	him	.
so	now	the	senate	is	getting	ready	to	vote	soon	,	on	whether	to	approve	him	or	not	;	and	at	this	moment	-lrb-	evening	of	jan.	27	,	2006	-rrb-	it	looks	like	he	has	more	than	the	fifty	-	one	votes	needed	for	approval	.
the	president	is	very	eager	to	go	ahead	quickly	and	get	this	vote	,	because	he	very	much	wants	to	have	samuel	alito	on	the	supreme	court	,	to	be	judging	the	cases	bush	is	interested	in	.
so	there	is	a	lot	of	hurry	-	up	pressure	on	the	senate	to	give	its	prompt	vote	of	approval	.
there	is	an	old	saying	that	applies	in	this	situation	:	"	act	in	haste	,	repent	at	leisure	.	"
sometimes	you	can	make	a	bad	decision	very	quickly	,	then	regret	it	for	many	years	to	come	.
that	is	what	is	about	to	happen	with	judge	samuel	alito	,	in	my	opinion	,	because	he	has	one	tragic	flaw	-	a	very	serious	blind	spot	in	his	thinking	-	which	makes	him	completely	unacceptable	for	the	position	of	supreme	court	justice	:	he	does	not	really	agree	with	the	system	of	"	checks	and	balances	"	built	into	the	constitution	,	and	he	is	ready	to	start	tearing	it	down	in	order	to	follow	the	"	unitary	executive	theory	,	"	which	calls	for	vastly	-	increased	presidential	power	at	the	expense	of	congress	and	the	supreme	court	.
and	because	of	this	tragic	flaw	.	.	.
"	he	would	tear	down	our	system	of	checks	and	balances	,	giving	far	too	much	power	to	the	president	.	"
in	our	constitutional	system	,	we	have	three	branches	of	the	federal	government	:	the	legislative	,	executive	,	and	judicial	branches	.
and	the	basic	idea	behind	the	checks	and	balances	we	have	is	that	if	one	branch	of	the	government	goes	crazy	,	the	other	two	can	hold	it	down	.
but	samuel	alito	believes	in	a	little	-	known	constitutional	theory	-	called	the	"	unitary	executive	theory	"	-	which	says	that	the	president	should	have	complete	control	over	the	executive	branch	,	and	that	the	executive	branch	should	be	in	charge	of	almost	everything	that	the	government	actually	does	,	including	the	functions	of	the	independent	agencies	which	were	designed	to	be	free	of	presidential	control	,	and	the	military	,	which	exists	,	which	is	regulated	,	and	which	is	funded	by	specific	authority	given	by	the	constitution	to	congress	,	not	to	the	president	.
the	military	is	not	part	of	the	executive	branch	:	it	is	a	separate	entity	.
"	commander	in	chief	"	does	n't	mean	that	he	is	the	boss	of	the	military	,	merely	that	he	is	the	administrator	,	just	as	he	is	the	administrator	of	the	executive	branch	,	charged	with	"	executing	faithfully	"	all	the	laws	passed	by	congress	and	all	the	decisions	rendered	by	the	supreme	court	.
under	the	unitary	executive	theory	,	the	laws	of	congress	and	decisions	of	the	supreme	court	have	no	actual	authority	unless	the	president	agrees	with	them	.
and	so	congress	and	the	supreme	court	become	mere	advisors	to	the	president	,	with	no	real	authority	over	him	.
and	the	president	becomes	a	dictator	,	unrestrained	by	anything	in	the	constitution	,	backed	up	by	the	armed	forces	,	which	would	be	entirely	under	his	personal	control	.
and	thus	the	united	states	of	america	-	the	land	of	the	free	and	the	home	of	the	brave	-	becomes	just	another	military	dictatorship	,	no	better	than	nazi	germany	or	fascist	italy	during	world	war	ii	.
and	that	is	why	all	americans	should	oppose	the	nomination	of	samuel	alito	.
for	details	and	further	proof	,	please	see	these	websites	:
testimony	at	http://judiciary.senate.gov/testimony.cfm?id=1725&wit_id=4905
descriptions	and	links	at	http://www.unitaryexecutive.net
blessings	to	you	.
may	god	help	us	all	.
and	may	god	bless	america	!
rev.	bill	mcginnis	,	director	http://www.loveallpeople.org	and	http://www.internetchurchofchrist.org
copies	of	this	message	are	located	below	.
if	you	want	to	help	,	please	send	them	to	everyone	you	know	who	needs	to	read	them	.
http://www.loveallpeople.org/theonereasonwhy.html	and	http://www.loveallpeople.org/theonereasonwhy.txt
###
contact	william	mcginnis	-lrb-	rev.	bill	mcginnis	-rrb-	1908	mt	vernon	ave	#	2543	alexandria	,	va	22301	7037686710	bmc...@patriot.net
reply
nasa	&	company	diplomacy	-	trying	to	keep	moon	landing	hoax	a	secret	in	modern	times
some	strategies	being	used	by	nasa	&	company	in	relation	to	china	and	other	space	planning	countries	are	mentioned	here	after	being	gleaned	from	a	news	item	underneath	.
country	has	an	independent	strategy	=	nasa	&	company	to	use	"	numero	uno	"	strategy	,	try	to	assert	,	beat	,	mesh	and	control	the	space	program	of	the	country	.
this	can	also	be	through	political	,	economical	,	social	,	and	technological	influence	.
country	not	open	or	not	have	fixed	strategy	=	nasa	&	company	to	use	"	freeze	thawed	"	strategy	especially	when	the	country	has	a	challenging	,	growing	and	ambitious	space	program	.
this	can	also	be	through	political	,	economical	,	social	,	and	technological	influence	.
dependant	=	nasa	&	company	to	use	"	space	station	"	model	to	unify	the	aims	of	different	countries	.
this	is	really	an	end	goal	aim	of	nasa	&	company	and	also	does	not	allow	anyone	challenging	the	moon	landing	hoax	.
the	target	for	nasa	&	company	probably	to	get	by	2018	all	the	ambitious	space	program	countries	shifting	towards	this	model	,	through	the	propaganda	of	another	moon	mission	;	deliberately	failing	this	or	trying	hard	for	another	moon	landing	hoax	;	achieving	the	real	aim	of	space	unity	between	space	programs	of	other	countries	.
china	launches	its	second	manned	spaceflight	mission
secretive	efforts	keep	outsiders	in	the	dark	about	the	program	's	goals
by	mark	carreau
copyright	2005	houston	chronicle
reuters
china	launched	shenzhou	vi	,	its	second	manned	spacecraft	,	early	today	in	northwest	china	's	gansu	province	.
a	pair	of	military	pilots	embarked	on	china	's	second	manned	space	flight	early	today	,	hurtling	into	orbit	on	a	test	mission	that	could	span	five	days	.
the	crew	of	the	shenzhou	vi	spacecraft	was	identified	as	fei	junlong	,	40	,	and	nie	haishen	,	41	,	by	china	's	official	news	agency	.
the	successful	launch	from	the	jiuquan	satellite	launch	center	in	northwest	china	follows	the	solo	flight	of	yang	liwei	in	october	2003	.
his	one	-	day	mission	vaulted	his	communist	homeland	into	the	elite	circle	of	spacefaring	nations	-	russia	and	the	united	states	-	that	can	launch	and	sustain	humans	in	space	.
most	experts	believe	china	intends	to	develop	a	small	space	station	of	its	own	over	the	next	several	years	.
but	they	remain	uncertain	about	whether	china	aims	to	beat	the	united	states	to	the	moon	in	its	secretive	space	effort	.
president	bush	has	directed	nasa	to	return	to	the	moon	by	2018	with	a	new	generation	of	human	explorers	.
china	's	"	is	not	a	fly	-	by	-	night	program	,	"	said	joan	johnson	-	freese	,	an	expert	on	national	security	who	follows	space	developments	in	the	asian	nation	at	the	naval	war	college	in	newport	,	r.i	.
"	they	are	not	in	any	hurry	.
they	want	a	program	that	will	be	a	success	,	"	johnson	-	freese	said	.
"	they	are	not	going	to	rush	it	,	because	they	do	n't	want	it	to	be	a	budget	buster	.
economics	will	be	a	big	determiner	in	the	speed	of	their	program	.	"
china	's	overtures	to	join	the	u.s.	-	led	effort	to	develop	the	16	-	nation	international	space	station	have	been	thwarted	for	more	than	a	decade	over	a	range	of	issues	,	including	the	asian	country	's	human	rights	policies	and	worries	it	could	acquire	technologies	that	could	pose	a	security	threat	.
the	freeze	thawed	some	after	yang	's	2003	mission	.
china	was	among	30	nations	invited	to	send	a	delegate	to	nasa	-	sponsored	roundtable	discussions	on	bush	's	strategy	to	reach	the	moon	with	astronauts	as	the	first	step	in	the	exploration	of	mars	and	other	-	deep	space	destinations	.
"	we	applaud	china	's	space	achievements	,	"	nasa	spokesman	allard	beutel	said	tuesday	.
"	we	wish	them	a	successful	return	of	their	astronauts	.	"
he	stressed	,	however	,	that	nasa	would	not	follow	this	week	's	chinese	mission	through	formal	channels	.
at	present	,	there	are	no	plans	for	additional	meetings	with	foreign	powers	to	discuss	the	bush	exploration	initiative	or	to	extend	an	invitation	to	china	to	join	the	space	station	partnership	,	beutel	said	.
the	flight	of	fei	and	nie	could	mark	the	end	of	the	opening	chapter	in	a	three	-	phase	chinese	space	initiative	,	johnson	-	freese	said	.
the	first	phase	,	she	said	,	will	demonstrate	the	capability	of	a	multi-compartment	spacecraft	that	will	leave	a	test	module	in	orbit	when	the	two	fliers	return	to	earth	.
the	chinese	program	's	second	phase	will	include	spacewalks	on	future	missions	and	demonstrations	of	docking	and	undocking	techniques	.
the	final	phase	will	feature	the	assembly	and	operation	of	a	longer	-	duration	space	lab	.
at	least	one	expert	believes	china	's	intentions	might	include	a	surprise	attempt	to	circle	the	moon	with	astronauts	before	nasa	's	planned	lunar	return	.
"	the	americans	would	be	wise	to	plan	accordingly	,	"	said	john	e.	pike	,	director	of	the	alexandria	,	va.	-	based	globalsecurity.org	,	a	small	national	security	think	tank	.
"	there	is	always	the	possibility	they	could	jam	us	up	,	make	us	look	like	we	are	not	numero	uno	,	"	pike	said	.
during	the	u.s.	and	russian	lunar	race	during	the	cold	war	,	nasa	scored	an	early	coup	by	circling	the	moon	with	the	apollo	8	crew	over	the	1968	christmas	holidays	.
as	it	turned	out	,	the	soviets	never	made	it	to	the	moon	.
"	-lrb-	china	-rrb-	could	be	the	second	country	to	do	that	,	"	pike	said	.
"	they	would	get	in	line	in	front	of	the	russians	.
and	they	would	not	have	to	land	on	the	moon	to	take	us	down	a	notch	.	"
pike	's	concern	is	based	on	china	's	development	of	a	new	medium	-	lift	rocket	,	the	long	march	v	,	and	the	construction	of	a	new	space	launch	complex	on	hainan	island	in	the	south	china	sea	.
the	two	developments	,	he	said	,	could	eventually	enable	china	's	space	program	to	mature	to	the	point	that	experts	could	assemble	and	launch	from	earth	's	orbit	a	spacecraft	capable	of	circling	the	moon	with	astronauts	and	returning	home	.
mark.carr...@chron.com
email	:	"	righter	"	<	righ...@sonic.net	>
groups	:	alt.animals.rights.promotion	,	alt.animals	,	alt.animals.cat	,	alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian	,	alt.animals.lion	,	alt.animals.tiger	,	alt.animals.felines.diseases	,	alt.animals.dog	,	alt.animals.horses.breeding	,	alt.animals.felines.snowleopards
i	'm	a	member	of	a	local	animal	rights	news	,	and	get	regular	emails	from	other	members	and	the	staff	.
recently	,	i	read	an	email	that	reported	the	horrific	nightmare	civet	cats	go	through	by	sick	losers	who	put	them	in	sheds	and	heat	the	inside	of	the	sheds	up	to	110	degrees	with	fires	,	so	that	they	can	periodically	scrape	the	sweat	off	of	their	genitals	and	sell	it	to	corrupt	corporations	who	use	it	to	prolong	the	scent	of	perfumes	.
the	animals	eventually	die	,	which	is	because	these	demons	are	so	greedy	,	they	want	as	much	of	their	"	product	"	as	they	can	get	,	instead	of	letting	the	cats	go	after	a	point	,	as	an	act	of	humanity	,	mercy	,	love	.
below	i	pasted	the	email	text	,	and	it	has	a	link	to	a	website	that	automatically	plays	this	song	the	author	of	the	email	created	.
it	has	cat	's	"	meowing	"	for	the	vocals	,	and	you	might	really	find	yourself	in	those	furnaces	,	feeling	and	thinking	those	terrible	feelings	and	thoughts	that	these	cats	do	before	they	die	.
right	now	,	while	we	're	sitting	at	our	computers	enjoying	the	internet	,	those	innocent	,	beautiful	,	loving	cats	,	are	dying	,	somewhere	in	this	troubled	world	a	slow	,	agonizing	death	.
the	main	reason	i	wrote	this	post	is	to	ask	anyone	reading	this	if	they	know	of	some	way	i	can	help	put	a	stop	to	this	cat	holocaust	.
i	am	serious	about	doing	something	.
if	i	love	cats	so	much	,	why	are	n't	i	doing	something	???
i	do	n't	want	to	appear	before	god	on	judgment	day	and	have	to	explain	why	i	did	n't	do	anything	like	this	in	my	life	.
any	suggestions	would	be	appreciated	.
here	's	the	text	of	the	email	:
hi	there	,
i	read	the	civet	cat	story	from	a	little	while	ago	,	and	tonight	,	when	my	mom	emailed	me	about	it	,	i	re-read	it	,	and	went	to	the	website	with	the	song	the	author	of	the	email	created	.
well	,	sure	enough	,	when	i	heard	the	cats	"	meowing	,	"	i	imagined	the	hellish	moments	these	poor	beautiful	creatures	of	god	were	living	,	what	went	on	in	their	tiny	,	sweet	little	minds	,	and	decided	that	i	want	to	do	something	about	this	torture	.
so	,	if	anyone	can	give	me	some	advice	,	i	'd	sure	appreciate	it	!
i	think	for	starters	,	myself	and	those	of	you	who	believe	in	god	could	say	a	special	prayer	for	them	.
i	will	.
i	've	pasted	the	email	for	those	who	have	n't	seen	or	would	like	to	re-read	it	.
it	's	also	got	the	website	where	the	song	has	been	uploaded	.
i	was	thinking	,	that	while	i	'm	sitting	here	,	relaxing	and	enjoying	myself	,	those	poor	innocent	animals	are	being	cooked	to	death	with	heat	in	those	holocaust-esque	death	chambers	.
and	what	am	i	doing	about	it	?
from	:	travis	job	<	t...@sonic.net	>
date	:	thu	,	11	mar	2004	02:39:27	-	0800
to	:	spar	<	s...@sonic.net	>
subject	:	civet	cats	,	james	rachels	+	a	song
this	is	my	first	time	posting	to	the	list	,	so	i	feel	somewhat	embarrassed	by	"	promoting	"	a	song	i	wrote	,	but	i	think	it	is	fitting	because	it	is	directly	tied	to	extreme	animal	suffering	as	a	result	of	human	lack	of	empathy	,	but	an	abundance	of	human	greed	.
i	'm	not	sure	if	any	of	you	know	much	about	civet	cats	,	but	to	brief	those	who	might	not	know	,	i	will	quote	james	rachels	,	author	of	world	hunger	and	moral	obligation	among	many	other	animal	rights	-	related	books	and	articles	.
-lrb-	i	kind	of	see	him	to	be	for	animal	rights	theory	as	peter	singer	is	to	the	theory	of	utilitarianism	applied	to	non-human	animals	-rrb-	.
the	quote	is	from	an	article	entitled	"	vegetarianism	and	`	the	other	weight	problem	'	"
if	anyone	wants	the	complete	article	,	email	me	,	as	it	is	a	very	good	article	which	no	meat	-	eater	can	read	and	not	sense	their	own	hypocrisy	.
but	this	is	what	he	says	about	civet	cats	:
"	as	an	example	,	consider	the	treatment	of	the	civet	cat	,	a	highly	intelligent	and	sociable	animal	.
civet	cats	are	trapped	and	placed	in	small	cages	inside	darkened	sheds	,	where	the	temperature	is	kept	up	to	110	f	by	fires	.
they	are	confined	in	this	way	until	they	finally	die	.
what	justifies	this	extraordinary	mistreatment	?
these	animals	have	the	misfortune	to	produce	a	substance	that	is	useful	in	the	manufacture	of	perfume	.
musk	,	which	is	scraped	from	their	genitals	once	a	day	for	as	long	as	they	can	surv	ive	,	makes	the	scent	of	perfume	last	a	bit	longer	after	each	application	.
-lrb-	the	heat	increases	their	"	production	"	of	musk	.	-rrb-
here	kant	's	rule	--	"	animals	are	merely	means	to	an	end	;	that	end	is	man	"	--	is	applied	with	a	vengeance	.
to	promote	one	of	the	most	trivial	interests	we	have	,	thousands	of	animals	are	tormented	for	their	whole	lives	.	"
this	article	,	and	specifically	this	piece	,	effected	me	enough	to	try	to	build	a	song	around	the	topic	.
if	anyone	is	interested	in	listening	to	this	song	,	and	in	offering	their	opinion	,	whether	it	be	positive	or	negative	,	i	'd	appreciate	it	.
but	i	also	hope	no	one	feels	any	obligation	to	download	,	especially	if	you	have	an	internet	connection	as	slow	mine	-lrb-	28	k	-rrb-	.
the	url	for	the	song	is	http://www.sonic.net/~fsjob/tragicore-thecivetcat.mp3
although	there	are	no	human	vocals	/	lyrics	,	i	think	it's	subject	matter	is	audible	.
again	,	if	anyone	wants	to	read	rachels	'	entire	article	,	let	me	know	.
it	's	also	on	the	net	.
i	was	already	a	vegetarian	when	i	read	it	a	little	more	than	a	year	ago	,	but	it	was	one	of	the	bigger	factors	for	me	in	going	completely	vegan	.
i	hope	all	are	well	.
farewell	for	now	...
travis	job
icq	uin	:	5249025
"	note	to	wigner	:	do	you	think	your	friend	could	feed	my	cat	?
heisenberg	was	n't	sure	.
thanks	,
--	shrodinger	"
-------------------
.:	go	vegan	:.
make	thousands	!!!	--
this	is	not	a	scam	!!!
i	found	this	on	a	bulletin	board	and	decided	to	try	it	:	i	do	n't	care	about	the	useless	pre-fabricated	crap	this	message	usually	says	.
all	i	say	is	,	it	works	.
continue	pre-fab	crap	.
well	guess	what	!!!
within	seven	days	,	i	started	getting	money	in	the	mail	!!
i	was	shocked	!!
i	figured	it	would	end	soon	,	but	the	money	just	kept	coming	in	.
in	my	first	week	,	i	made	about	$	25.00	.
by	the	end	of	the	second	week	i	had	made	a	total	of	more	than	$	1000.00	!!
in	the	third	week	i	had	more	than	$	10,000.00	and	it	's	still	growing	!!
this	is	now	my	fourth	week	and	i	have	made	a	total	of	$	42,000.00	and	it	's	still	coming	rapidly	.
it	's	certainly	worth	$	6.00	and	six	stamps	,	and	i	have	spent	more	than	that	on	the	lottery	without	ever	winning	!!!
let	me	tell	you	how	this	works	and	most	important	,	why	it	works	..........
also	make	sure	you	print	this	out	now	,	so	you	can	get	the	information	off	of	it	,	as	you	will	need	it	.
i	promise	you	that	if	you	follow	the	directions	exactly	that	you	will	start	making	more	money	than	you	thought	possible	by	doing	something	so	easy	!!
suggestion	:	read	this	entire	message	carefully	!!
-lrb-	print	it	out	or	download	it	-rrb-
follow	the	simple	directions	and	watch	the	money	come	in	!!
it	's	easy	.
it	's	legal	.
and	,	your	investment	is	only	$	6.00	-lrb-	plus	postage	-rrb-	!!!
important	:
this	is	not	a	rip	-	off	,	it	is	decent	;	it	's	legal	;	and	it	is	virtually	no	risk	-	it	really	works	!!
if	all	the	following	instructions	are	adhered	to	,	you	will	receive	extraordinary	dividends	.
please	note	:
please	follow	the	directions	exactly	,	and	$	50,000	or	more	can	be	yours	in	20	to	60	days	.
this	program	remains	successful	because	of	the	honesty	and	integrity	of	the	participants	.
please	continue	its	success	by	carefully	adhering	to	the	instructions	.
you	will	now	become	a	part	of	the	mail	order	business	.
you	are	in	the	business	of	developing	mailing	lists	.
many	large	corporations	are	happy	to	pay	big	bucks	for	quality	lists	.
however	,	the	money	made	from	the	mailing	lists	is	secondary	to	income	which	is	made	from	people	like	you	and	me	asking	to	be	included	in	that	list	.
here	are	the	four	easy	steps	to	success	.
step	one	:
get	six	separate	pieces	of	paper	and	write	the	following	on	each	piece	of	paper	"	please	put	me	on	your	mailing	list	.	"
now	get	6	u.s.	$	1.00	bills	and	place	one	inside	of	each	of	the	six	pieces	of	paper	so	the	bill	will	not	be	seen	through	the	envelope	-lrb-	to	prevent	thievery	-rrb-	.
next	,	place	one	paper	in	each	of	the	six	envelopes	and	seal	them	.
you	now	should	have	six	sealed	envelopes	,	each	with	a	piece	of	paper	stating	the	above	phrase	,	your	name	and	address	,	and	a	$	1.00	bill	.
what	you	are	doing	is	creating	a	service	.
this	is	absolutely	legal	!!!!	!
you	are	requesting	a	legitimate	service	and	you	are	paying	for	it	!!
like	most	of	us	i	was	a	little	skeptical	and	little	worried	about	the	legal	aspects	of	it	all	.
so	i	checked	it	out	with	the	u.s.	post	office	-lrb-	1-800-238-5355	-rrb-	and	they	confirmed	that	it	is	indeed	legal	!!
mail	the	six	envelopes	to	the	following	addresses	:
1	-rrb-	g.	burrows	1	/	264	tor	st	toowoomba	qld	4350	australia
2	-rrb-	s	luest	p.o.	box	366	garden	grove	,	ca	92842	usa
3	-rrb-	g.	v.	&	a.	bourret	41	broome	st	,	#	1	brooklyn	,	ny	11222	usa
4	-rrb-	r.	ansems	gen.	foulkesstraat	5	4641	bw	ossendrecht	netherlands
5	-rrb-	w.	brumbley	4632	hilton	ave	suite	#	31	columbus	,	ohio	43228
step	two	:	now	take	the	#	1	name	off	the	list	that	you	see	above	,	move	the	other	names	up	-lrb-	six	becomes	5	,	5	becomes	4	,	and	etc.	-rrb-	and	add	your	name	as	number	6	on	the	list	.
step	three	:
change	anything	you	need	to	but	try	to	keep	this	article	as	close	to	original	as	possible	.
now	post	your	amended	article	to	at	least	200	news	groups	.	:
-lrb-	i	think	there	are	close	to	24,000	groups	-rrb-
all	you	need	is	200	,	but	remember	,	the	more	you	post	,	the	more	money	you	make	!!
this	is	perfectly	legal	!!
if	you	have	any	doubts	,	refer	to	title	18	sec.	1302	&	1341	of	the	postal	lottery	laws	.
keep	a	copy	of	these	steps	for	yourself	and	whenever	you	need	money	,	you	can	use	it	again	,	and	again	.
please	remember	that	this	program	remains	successful	because	of	the	honesty	and	integrity	of	the	participants	and	by	their	carefully	adhering	to	directions	.
look	at	it	this	way	.
if	you	were	of	integrity	,	the	program	will	continue	and	the	money	that	so	many	others	have	received	will	come	your	way	.
note	:	you	may	want	to	retain	every	name	and	address	sent	to	you	,	either	on	a	computer	or	hard	copy	and	keep	the	notes	people	send	you	.
this	verifies	that	you	are	truly	providing	a	service	.
-lrb-	also	,	it	might	be	a	good	idea	to	wrap	the	$	1	bill	in	dark	paper	to	reduce	the	risk	of	mail	theft	-rrb-	.
so	,	as	each	post	is	downloaded	and	the	directions	carefully	followed	,	all	members	will	be	reimbursed	for	their	participation	as	a	list	developer	with	one	dollar	each	.
your	name	will	move	up	the	list	geometrically	so	that	when	your	name	reaches	the	#	1	position	you	will	be	receiving	thousands	of	dollars	in	cash	!!!
what	an	opportunity	for	only	$	6.00	-lrb-	$	1.00	for	each	of	the	first	six	people	listed	above	-rrb-
send	it	now	,	add	your	own	name	to	the	list	and	you	're	in	business	!!!
*****	directions	for	how	to	post	to	news	groups	!!!	*****
step	one	:	you	do	not	need	to	re-type	this	entire	letter	to	do	your	own	posting	.
simply	put	your	cursor	at	the	beginning	of	this	letter	and	drag	your	cursor	to	the	bottom	of	this	document	,	and	select	'	copy	'	from	the	edit	menu	.
this	will	copy	the	entire	letter	into	the	computer	's	memory	.
step	two	:
open	a	blank	'	notepad	'	file	and	place	your	cursor	at	the	top	of	the	blank	page	.
from	the	'	edit	'	menu	select	'	paste	'	.
this	will	paste	a	copy	of	the	letter	into	the	notepad	so	that	you	will	add	your	name	to	the	list	.
step	three	:
save	your	new	notepad	file	as	a	text	file	.
if	you	want	to	do	your	posting	in	different	settings	,	you	'll	always	have	this	file	to	go	back	to	.
step	four	:
visit	message	boards	and	post	this	article	as	a	new	message	by	highlighting	the	text	of	this	letter	and	selecting	paste	from	the	edit	menu	.
fill	in	the	subject	,	this	will	be	the	header	that	everyone	sees	as	they	scroll	through	the	list	of	postings	in	a	particular	group	,	click	the	post	message	button	.
you	're	done	.
congratulations	!!!!!!
that	's	it	!!
all	you	have	to	do	,	and	it	really	works	!!!
best	wishes
blue	planet	:	who	's	afraid	of	big	bad	wolf	?
by	dan	whipple
united	press	international
boulder	,	co	,	feb.	23	-lrb-	upi	-rrb-	--
ever	since	he	ate	up	red	riding	hood	's	grandma	and	blew	down	the	houses	of	two	-	thirds	of	the	three	little	pigs	,	the	big	bad	wolf	has	held	a	persistently	bad	reputation	.
in	part	because	of	that	reputation	,	the	gray	wolf	was	nearly	exterminated	from	the	lower	48	states	by	the	1920s	,	except	for	a	small	remnant	population	on	isle	royale	national	park	in	michigan	's	lake	superior	.
the	last	wolf	was	killed	in	yellowstone	national	park	in	1943	.
western	sheep	and	cattle	ranchers	,	on	whose	behalf	this	extermination	campaign	was	conducted	,	gratefully	dusted	their	hands	of	the	wolf	and	wrote	him	off	as	a	job	well	done	.
their	sheep	could	graze	,	their	cows	could	ruminate	and	never	a	discouraging	word	would	be	heard	.
after	the	major	kill	-	offs	,	wolves	outside	of	alaska	and	canada	existed	mostly	as	legend	.
like	ufos	or	sasquatch	,	several	people	claimed	to	see	fleeting	lone	wolves	,	usually	in	yellowstone	.
in	the	1960s	,	a	group	shooting	a	movie	in	the	wyoming	park	reportedly	imported	some	captive	wolves	,	then	released	them	when	their	shooting	was	done	.
if	so	,	this	happy	band	has	not	been	heard	from	since	.
rumor	also	had	it	some	renegade	biologist	brought	a	caged	pair	to	yellowstone	and	released	them	into	the	wild	sometime	in	the	1970s	,	hoping	to	reestablish	a	breeding	population	.
if	true	,	the	caper	failed	.
over	time	,	the	wolf	's	absence	seemed	to	rehabilitate	its	image	.
eventually	,	a	trickle	of	support	appeared	for	bringing	the	predator	back	to	its	former	home	range	in	the	northern	rocky	mountains	.
this	trickle	grew	into	a	flood	,	resulting	in	14	wolves	being	reintroduced	in	yellowstone	in	1995	by	the	u.s.	fish	and	wildlife	service	--	albeit	over	the	strong	and	still	-	continuing	objections	of	ranchers	.
these	wolf	packs	have	flourished	,	and	now	there	are	an	estimated	850	wolves	roaming	the	northern	rockies	,	where	merely	10	years	ago	there	were	none	.
one	compelling	argument	for	reintroduction	was	the	wolf	acts	as	a	keystone	predator	,	an	animal	that	affects	the	populations	,	behavior	and	ecology	of	a	wide	variety	of	species	within	its	range	.
some	recent	research	conducted	by	oregon	state	university	has	given	considerable	credence	to	this	idea	.
osu	forestry	professors	william	ripple	and	robert	beschta	have	found	that	wolves	actually	promote	stream	-	bank	stabilization	,	although	they	have	given	the	phenomenon	the	unfortunate	name	of	"	the	ecology	of	fear	"	--	something	that	smacks	of	the	horrible	pr	resulting	from	the	wolf	's	relationships	with	riding	hood	and	the	three	pigs	.
they	explained	that	elk	in	yellowstone	used	to	browse	unmolested	on	young	aspen	and	willow	growing	near	the	banks	of	streams	,	a	behavior	that	prevented	the	saplings	from	reaching	mature	stages	and	increased	the	possibility	of	soil	erosion	.
since	reintroduction	,	however	,	ripple	and	beschta	have	found	,	fear	of	the	wolves	apparently	has	discouraged	the	elk	from	spending	too	much	time	at	stream	banks	--	where	they	are	out	in	the	open	--	and	munching	on	the	saplings	.
"	all	you	have	to	do	is	look	at	the	photographs	,	"	ed	bangs	,	wolf	recovery	coordinator	for	the	u.s.	fish	and	wildlife	service	,	told	upi	's	blue	planet	,
"	you	say	,	'	wow	!	'
an	area	that	used	to	be	bald	as	a	billiard	ball	is	now	a	sea	of	willow	.	"
this	simple	change	has	triggered	a	veritable	ecological	cascade	in	yellowstone	.
more	streamside	willow	and	aspen	have	meant	better	habitat	for	beaver	,	for	instance	.
where	there	had	been	only	one	beaver	colony	in	the	park	's	northern	range	before	the	wolves	returned	,	now	there	are	nine	.
"	it	may	be	uninteresting	to	a	lot	of	people	,	"	beschta	told	blue	planet	.
"	there	's	a	lot	of	impact	on	plants	and	they	say	,	'	who	cares	?	'
but	we	've	been	looking	at	streamside	communities	.
since	wolf	recovery	,	streamside	plants	,	willows	and	cottonwoods	provide	food	for	other	critters	--	beavers	,	a	whole	variety	of	avian	species	,	berry	-	producing	shrubs	that	bears	can	use	.
it	's	important	with	regard	to	the	quality	of	streams	.
the	plants	provide	shade	and	root	strength	for	bank	stability	.
plants	are	critical	to	wildland	ecosystems	.	"
yellowstone	has	a	vast	elk	herd	,	one	of	the	largest	in	the	world	.
bangs	said	although	the	number	of	elk	has	not	declined	very	much	since	the	wolves	came	back	,	their	behavior	appears	markedly	different	.
"	i	'm	pretty	suspicious	of	making	broad	generalizations	,	"	however	,	he	cautioned	.
"	wolves	are	still	pretty	new	.
they	've	only	been	there	for	10	years	.
in	10	more	years	we	'll	have	a	better	idea	.	"
wolf	reintroduction	in	the	northern	rockies	has	been	so	successful	the	fish	and	wildlife	service	has	moved	to	reduce	the	animal	's	status	from	endangered	to	threatened	and	,	eventually	,	to	remove	it	from	the	endangered	species	list	altogether	.
bangs	said	the	agency	has	established	viable	wolf	packs	in	the	northern	rockies	,	as	required	by	federal	regulations	.
some	conservationists	want	the	protection	extended	so	wolves	can	move	into	other	states	,	including	colorado	,	utah	and	oregon	,	among	others	.
on	jan.	31	,	oregon	federal	district	court	judge	robert	e.	jones	appeared	to	agree	with	them	.
he	vacated	the	fws	decision	to	downgrade	the	wolf	's	status	.
bangs	said	his	agency	is	still	reviewing	the	decision	.
regardless	of	the	wolf	's	legal	status	,	its	future	expansion	into	new	areas	now	seems	likely	.
wolves	can	migrate	considerable	distances	.
a	yellowstone	wolf	was	found	dead	,	hit	by	a	car	,	on	a	colorado	highway	last	year	,	several	hundred	miles	from	home	.
meanwhile	,	his	reputation	seems	to	be	improving	,	although	bangs	noted	a	"	pretty	interesting	social	dynamic	.	"
there	are	only	about	850	wolves	in	the	west	,	but	there	are	an	estimated	31,000	mountain	lions	.
pound	for	pound	,	mountain	lions	eat	more	game	and	more	livestock	than	wolves	.
they	even	occasionally	attack	people	,	which	wolves	do	not	--	despite	the	propaganda	from	the	brothers	grimm	.
yet	people	seem	willing	--	even	eager	--	to	accommodate	mountain	lions	,	despite	the	risks	.
it	remains	to	be	seen	whether	they	will	extend	the	same	courtesy	to	the	arriving	gray	wolf	.
regarding	those	rumors	about	wolves	living	in	yellowstone	prior	to	the	official	reintroduction	?
they	seem	to	be	just	that	:	rumors	.
true	,	there	are	about	300,000	wolves	and	wolf	hybrids	kept	as	pets	in	the	united	states	.
it	also	is	likely	people	have	released	some	of	these	animals	into	the	wild	hoping	they	would	survive	--	for	instance	,	a	ranger	in	glacier	park	caught	someone	in	this	very	act	not	long	ago	.
bangs	said	these	animals	are	not	equipped	to	survive	in	the	wild	,	however	,	and	they	all	almost	certainly	have	died	.
he	said	after	10	years	of	dna	testing	on	northern	rockies	wolves	,	scientists	have	not	found	a	single	strain	that	did	not	belong	to	one	of	the	wolves	the	agency	released	--	or	their	descendants	.
--
blue	planet	is	a	weekly	series	examining	the	relationship	of	humans	to	the	environment	,	by	veteran	environmental	reporter	dan	whipple	.
e-mail	:	sciencem...@upi.com
climate	:	humans	fuss	,	animals	adjust
by	dan	whipple
united	press	international
boulder	,	co	,	nov.	15	-lrb-	upi	-rrb-	--
scientists	can	argue	all	they	want	about	how	many	degrees	celsius	--	or	fahrenheit	--	the	planet	is	warming	and	what	the	trend	portends	,	but	meanwhile	earth	's	plants	,	insects	and	animals	are	not	waiting	for	the	outcome	.
they	already	are	altering	their	patterns	of	behavior	in	response	to	what	is	happening	.
it	turns	out	one	of	the	surest	barometers	of	the	warming	climate	is	the	response	of	the	non-human	natural	world	to	changing	conditions	,	and	biologists	who	study	the	responses	have	been	aware	for	some	years	the	biosphere	is	acknowledging	global	warming	.
nina	leopold	bradley	,	a	plant	ecologist	and	daughter	of	the	conservation	pioneer	aldo	leopold	,	published	a	1999	paper	in	the	proceedings	of	the	national	academy	of	sciences	on	her	61	-	year	uninterrupted	phenological	records	.
phenology	studies	an	organism	's	development	and	life	cycle	--	the	pulse	of	life	.
bradley	's	record	of	300	phenophases	found	that	even	prior	to	1999	,	spring	was	arriving	in	higher	latitudes	several	weeks	earlier	than	in	the	earlier	years	of	her	data	.
birds	arrived	sooner	on	their	migrations	from	the	south	and	plants	flowered	earlier	.
the	eastern	phoebe	is	showing	up	about	20	days	before	it	used	to	.
the	forest	phlox	is	blooming	in	late	april	instead	of	mid-may	.
half	of	the	300	phenophases	leopold	tracked	showed	a	response	consistent	with	warming	.
in	england	,	the	cuckoo	returns	earlier	.
an	analysis	of	65	bird	species	in	the	united	kingdom	shows	about	one	-	third	are	laying	their	eggs	four	to	seven	days	earlier	than	they	did	25	years	ago	.
"	one	of	the	major	,	most	well	-	documented	and	robust	findings	in	ecology	over	the	past	century	has	been	the	crucial	role	of	climate	in	determining	the	geographical	distribution	of	species	and	ecological	communities	,	"	concluded	a	report	titled	"	observed	impacts	of	global	climate	change	in	the	united	states	,	"	released	by	the	pew	center	on	global	climate	last	week	.
pew	researchers	looked	at	about	40	studies	that	could	provide	an	assessment	of	whether	climate	was	affecting	biology	.
"	half	of	the	studies	provide	strong	evidence	of	a	causal	link	between	the	biological	change	and	climate	change	,	"	said	camille	parmesan	,	a	university	of	texas	-	austin	biologist	and	one	of	the	world	's	leading	experts	on	this	issue	.
these	changes	are	occurring	across	all	species	,	parmesan	told	upi	's	climate	.
"	across	the	united	states	,	the	northern	edge	of	species	'	range	is	expanding	,	"	she	said	.
parmesan	has	spent	much	of	her	career	studying	the	checkerspot	butterfly	,	which	migrates	between	mexico	and	southern	california	.
some	localized	extinctions	already	have	occurred	across	some	of	its	habitat	.
"	empirical	research	pointed	to	climate	as	being	a	strong	driver	,	"	she	said	.
"	there	have	been	large	numbers	of	population	extinctions	in	mexico	and	southern	california	in	areas	where	the	habitat	is	still	acceptable	.	"
according	to	parmesan	's	earlier	studies	,	one	extinction	event	,	for	instance	,	was	triggered	when	a	checkerspot	population	migrated	north	prematurely	,	relying	on	a	warming	temperature	signal	,	then	was	caught	in	a	severe	snowstorm	in	its	northern	habitat	.
throughout	the	united	states	,	she	said	,	"	spring	is	about	two	weeks	earlier	.
tree	swallows	are	nesting	nine	days	earlier	.
tropical	species	have	moved	up	to	florida	and	the	gulf	coast	.
bird	and	butterfly	watchers	are	seeing	many	,	many	new	species	coming	up	from	mexico	and	the	caribbean	.	"
as	the	pew	report	concluded	,	"	sufficient	studies	now	exist	to	conclude	that	the	consequences	of	climate	change	are	already	detectable	within	u.s.	ecosystems	.	"
such	consequences	include	shifting	and	,	in	some	cases	,	contraction	of	ranges	and	changes	in	species	composition	within	ecosystems	.
the	report	also	found	alterations	of	ecosystem	processes	such	as	carbon	cycling	and	storage	.
the	alaskan	tundra	,	for	instance	,	has	switched	from	being	a	net	sink	of	carbon	dioxide	--	absorbing	and	storing	more	carbon	from	the	atmosphere	than	it	releases	--	to	"	being	a	net	source	of	co2	-lrb-	releasing	more	carbon	than	is	stored	-rrb-	because	warmer	winters	have	allowed	dead	plant	matter	previously	stored	in	the	soil	to	decompose	and	release	co2	.	"
the	pew	report	coincided	with	the	release	in	iceland	of	the	"	arctic	climate	impact	assessment	.	"
the	acia	--	with	participation	by	the	united	states	,	canada	,	denmark	,	finland	,	iceland	,	norway	,	the	russian	federation	and	sweden	--	was	begun	in	2000	.
"	the	impacts	of	global	warming	are	affecting	people	now	in	the	arctic	,	"	said	acia	chair	robert	corell	.
"	the	arctic	is	experiencing	some	of	the	most	rapid	and	severe	climate	change	on	earth	.
the	impacts	of	climate	change	on	the	region	and	the	globe	are	projected	to	increase	substantially	in	the	years	to	come	.	"
the	acia	found	arctic	winter	temperatures	have	increased	4	degrees	to	7	degrees	fahrenheit	in	the	last	50	years	and	should	go	up	about	twice	that	much	in	the	next	100	years	.
arctic	summer	sea	ice	will	decline	by	50	percent	by	the	end	of	the	21st	century	,	the	assessment	found	,	with	some	models	predicting	complete	disappearance	of	summer	sea	ice	.
"	should	the	arctic	ocean	become	ice	-	free	in	summer	,	it	is	likely	that	polar	bears	and	some	seal	species	would	be	driven	toward	extinction	,	"	the	report	concluded	.
as	with	so	much	climate	research	,	not	everyone	agrees	with	these	dire	predictions	.
a	third	report	,	"	the	impacts	of	climate	change	:	an	appraisal	for	the	future	,	"	completed	by	the	britain	-	based	international	policy	network	and	released	almost	simultaneously	with	the	other	two	,	falls	somewhat	into	that	category	.
on	the	one	hand	,	the	ipn	report	agreed	"	climate	models	generally	predict	that	the	temperature	rises	in	the	arctic	will	substantially	exceed	the	global	rise	.
this	applies	especially	in	the	high	arctic	where	the	ice	cover	is	expected	to	diminish	substantially	with	the	effect	that	the	surface	absorption	of	solar	radiation	will	greatly	increase	.	"
on	the	other	hand	,	the	report	thinks	the	news	might	not	be	so	bad	for	the	north	atlantic	fisheries	.
"	the	impact	of	global	warming	on	fish	stocks	and	fisheries	is	hard	to	judge	,	"	the	ipn	report	said	.
"	a	warming	of	the	magnitude	predicted	is	more	likely	than	not	to	be	beneficial	to	the	fisheries	of	the	north	atlantic	.	"
the	important	commercial	species	that	probably	would	benefit	from	warming	include	cod	,	haddock	,	saithe	,	herring	,	blue	whiting	and	several	types	of	flatfish	and	crustaceans	--	such	as	the	norway	lobster	.
important	species	that	probably	would	decline	include	shrimp	,	capelin	,	greenland	halibut	and	some	varieties	of	flatfish	.
hidden	in	this	laundry	list	--	and	in	the	pile	of	studies	examined	by	the	pew	researchers	--	is	one	of	the	fundamental	chasms	dividing	participants	in	the	global	warming	debate	.
the	ipn	report	examines	commercial	fish	species	,	but	it	neglects	important	non-commercial	animals	,	such	as	seals	and	polar	bears	.
in	a	limited	economic	sense	,	therefore	,	the	organization	can	argue	warming	might	be	a	good	thing	.
the	problem	is	whether	one	cares	what	happens	to	the	polar	bears	,	checkerspot	butterflies	and	other	unconsumables	.
the	pew	researchers	tried	to	transcend	the	economic	argument	.
they	assumed	a	value	--	unspecified	--	for	non-commercial	species	,	and	in	doing	so	rendered	the	warming	news	a	bit	less	rosy	.
this	tug	-	of	-	war	over	calculating	economic	values	is	the	one	that	ultimately	will	have	to	be	decided	by	humans	,	because	animals	and	plants	can	adjust	only	so	much	.
"	when	dandelions	have	set	the	mark	of	may	on	wisconsin	pastures	,	it	is	time	to	listen	for	the	final	proof	of	spring	,	"	wrote	aldo	leopold	in	"	a	sand	county	almanac	.	"
"	sit	down	on	a	tussock	,	cock	your	ears	at	the	sky	,	dial	out	the	bedlam	of	meadowlarks	and	redwings	,	and	soon	you	may	hear	it	:	the	flight	of	the	upland	plover	,	just	now	back	from	the	argentine	.	"
or	maybe	not	.
--
climate	is	a	weekly	series	by	upi	examining	the	impacts	of	global	climate	change	.
e-mail	sciencem...@upi.com
preamble	from	bbc	leading	to	the	comments	further	below	.
feel	free	to	cut	and	paste	and	leave	your	comments	,	as	these	viewpoints	cover	the	entire	gamut	surrounding	the	event	.
---->===}*{===<----
how	has	katrina	changed	the	us	?
what	will	be	the	lasting	effects	of	hurricane	katrina	and	what	can	be	learnt	from	the	response	?
relief	agencies	are	trying	to	help	hundreds	of	thousands	of	displaced	people	while	authorities	have	vowed	to	restore	security	in	new	orleans	following	a	breakdown	of	law	and	order	.
in	the	world	press	,	commentators	predict	that	katrina	will	make	a	profound	change	in	the	way	the	us	is	perceived	at	home	and	abroad	,	especially	following	the	scenes	of	poverty	and	racial	divisions	they	believe	the	disaster	has	revealed	.
meanwhile	,	president	george	w	bush	has	said	he	will	lead	an	inquiry	into	how	the	disaster	was	handled	.
how	has	katrina	changed	the	us	?
has	it	altered	your	life	?
has	the	disaster	affected	the	way	other	countries	view	the	us	?
send	us	your	comments	using	the	form	.
---->===}*{===<----
some	of	the	better	comments	:
"	as	an	american	,	i	would	like	to	take	this	opportunity	to	tell	all	the	'	usa	and	bush	bashers	'	that	i	am	appalled	at	the	number	of	'	allies	'	that	are	using	this	disaster	as	their	podium	to	spread	their	useless	opinions	.
what	you	see	in	new	orleans	is	a	perfect	example	of	the	downfalls	of	the	welfare	system	,	a	form	of	socialism	that	many	in	this	country	know	is	the	true	problem	.
you	have	seen	the	pictures	.
you	people	think	it	is	race	,	but	it	is	not	.
it	is	the	welfare	society	that	was	new	orleans	.	"
--	paul	,	atlanta	,	usa
"	i	am	frankly	revolted	by	the	response	of	the	bush	-	bashers	;	"	sorry	chaps	,	but	you	did	have	it	coming	...	"
the	plain	fact	is	that	bush	has	a	sight	more	in	the	way	of	common	humanity	than	a	great	many	of	his	detractors	.
at	least	he	is	n't	using	this	disaster	for	cheap	political	point	-	scoring	.	"
--	mac	,	nottingham
"	i	do	not	feel	it	has	changed	the	us	citizens	which	is	what	was	needed	,	even	now	the	majority	want	"	gas	"	despite	the	fact	they	are	polluting	the	world	more	than	any	other	country	in	the	world	and	refuse	to	stop	,	perhaps	this	natural	disaster	,	which	let	's	face	it	looks	like	a	product	of	global	warming	,	will	change	their	views	,	why	not	pick	things	up	with	your	hands	and	walk	with	your	legs	,	other	people	in	the	world	do	it	,	"	gas	"	is	not	the	be	all	and	end	all	!	"
--	david	,	kent
<	this	man	has	clearly	never	visited	the	us	.
distances	are	not	what	they	are	in	the	old	world	.
here	,	cars	are	absolutely	necessary	,	and	he	'd	have	to	have	one	,	too	.
-	juggernaut	>
"	the	us	will	work	its	way	through	the	loss	of	a	city	and	we	are	making	progress	after	seven	short	days	.
thank	you	for	your	concern	,	but	europe	is	still	irrelevant	.	"
--	john	b	,	windermere	,	florida
<	john	can	come	over	to	eat	at	my	house	anytime	.
-	juggernaut	>
it	is	always	interesting	what	spin	the	press	will	take	.
certainly	,	representation	of	the	us	in	other	countries	will	have	a	certain	depiction	.
i	do	n't	believe	that	folks	who	believe	that	america	is	the	land	of	opportunity	will	change	their	views	from	this	recent	news	.
i	have	a	friend	who	came	here	from	bulgaria	after	winning	a	green	card	in	a	lottery	.
yes	,	she	and	her	family	were	delighted	to	leave	the	communistic	remnants	in	that	country	.
her	husband	became	a	citizen	of	the	us	just	the	week	before	last	.
-lrb-	believe	it	or	not	,	it	takes	a	minimum	of	5	years	to	apply	.	-rrb-
the	countries	which	are	giving	to	america	to	aid	are	a	great	example	of	the	seed	that	america	has	sown	through	the	years	with	other	nations	.
now	to	the	poverty	stricken	and	the	racial	issue	...
you	know	,	i	've	lived	in	the	dallas	/	fort	worth	metroplex	most	of	my	life	.
when	not	in	texas	,	i	lived	in	la	and	san	francisco	.
there	is	a	lot	of	racial	diversity	in	all	of	these	places	...	and	i	've	vacationed	through	the	south	...	visited	my	folks	when	they	lived	in	mississippi	,	and	where	they	live	now	and	are	in	the	racial	minority	being	white	-lrb-	less	than	20	%	-rrb-	in	northeastern	arkansas	.
the	fact	is	,	when	i	began	traveling	for	business	to	new	england	,	when	i	first	visited	my	in	-	laws	in	montana	and	idaho	,	i	was	shocked	at	the	lack	of	racial	diversity	.
i	did	n't	expect	to	react	that	way	,	but	when	i	was	looking	around	my	workplace	in	nashua	,	new	hampshire	,	and	everyone	else	looked	pretty	much	like	me	,	it	was	really	very	eerie	.
so	,	yes	,	america	has	pockets	that	are	more	diverse	than	others	.
additionally	,	reviewing	the	standings	of	louisiana	and	mississippi	in	the	educational	stakes	,	you	'll	find	they	usually	land	near	the	bottom	of	a	list	of	50	states	.
unfortunately	,	those	left	behind	to	be	filmed	,	where	those	without	transportation	or	means	.
some	refused	to	leave	,	but	so	many	were	unable	to	.
yes	,	it	's	a	valid	reflection	of	america	-	we	do	have	cities	like	this	.
however	,	new	orleans	also	had	many	affluent	people	,	people	who	left	town	early	as	they	had	the	means	.
i	do	n't	know	if	this	will	change	other	nation	's	perceptions	of	america	.
i	suspect	it	will	not	change	greatly	...	but	you	never	know	how	much	stock	people	put	in	the	news	.
i	do	know	that	this	will	change	the	face	of	america	.
i	expect	that	many	of	the	displaced	people	-lrb-	those	affluent	and	those	not	-rrb-	will	remain	in	the	places	they	were	evacuated	to	.
the	1.25	million	people	who	have	been	housed	in	stadiums	and	convention	centers	across	texas	will	begin	to	populate	houston	,	dallas	,	san	antonio	and	galveston	,	and	the	surrounding	areas	.
sure	,	some	will	return	,	but	i	have	a	feeling	that	once	many	begin	to	get	jobs	and	temporary	housing	,	they	may	be	shy	about	returning	.
i	'm	interested	in	what	america	will	look	like	in	5	years	.
will	racial	diversity	find	its	way	to	wyoming	as	some	people	are	offered	jobs	there	?
or	will	the	nearly	year	-	round	snow	be	too	much	for	those	who	have	never	experienced	snow	in	their	lives	?
will	the	housing	market	in	dallas	begin	booming	like	the	rest	of	the	nation	has	due	to	the	influx	of	buyers	?
will	businesses	that	were	new	in	2005	have	become	a	household	name	due	to	their	efforts	in	rebuilding	the	gulf	coast	?
what	will	the	federal	government	do	to	prevent	inflation	in	the	housing	and	building	market	?
these	are	some	of	the	things	i	've	been	wondering	...
linna
response	coming	soon	.
your	reply	is	good	and	deserves	something	good	in	return	.
juggernaut
okay	,	i	'm	new	to	this	forum	and	really	do	n't	like	bush	,	so	my	view	point	is	slanted	and	i	admit	that	.
i	rarely	listen	to	the	news	or	to	what	politicians	or	lawyers	say	because	so	many	tell	lies	that	none	have	credibility	so	what	's	the	point	?
what	i	know	is	that	i	have	a	close	friend	who's	aunt	disappeared	in	new	orleans	.
my	friend	did	n't	have	computer	capability	,	so	i	spent	the	day	searching	and	posting	online	.
the	family	here	-lrb-	california	-rrb-	wanted	to	fly	any	family	members	from	there	to	ca	,	so	they	could	remain	here	until	things	got	straightened	out	down	there	.
the	cousins	could	not	be	found	because	no	one	was	sure	of	their	married	names	.
the	hope	was	that	anyone	looking	for	the	aunt	would	see	the	family	post	and	know	that	help	was	available	.
it	is	oct.	6	,	and	not	one	family	member	has	been	located	.
what	i	saw	was	dozens	of	school	buses	submerged	that	could	have	been	used	to	evacuate	people	who	had	no	transportation	.
what	i	heard	was	the	mayor	of	new	orleans	,	saying	that	he	did	n't	order	the	buses	or	anything	else	to	be	used	because	he	was	waiting	on	someone	else	to	tell	him	what	to	do	.
when	common	sense	takes	a	back	seat	to	politics	and	legal	mumbo	jumbo	what	have	we	become	?
recently	,	bush	addressed	the	nation	.
about	30	seconds	into	his	address	,	he	started	flogging	the	terrorist	issue	just	one	more	time	.
ironically	he	almost	burst	out	laughing	and	it	was	all	he	could	do	to	keep	his	mirth	down	to	a	barely	controlled	smirk	.
even	he	ca	n't	believe	that	he	is	trotting	out	this	old	saw	again	.
i	guess	if	you	have	a	schtick	that	is	a	resounding	success	once	,	you	ca	n't	help	but	trot	it	out	every	time	your	act	is	going	sour	.
meanwhile	,	every	pocket	that	can	be	lined	is	golden	and	the	poor	are	shunted	off	radar	yet	again	.
the	gall	of	it	all	is	that	bush	is	stumping	for	more	money	to	build	more	refineries	,	when	what	he	should	do	is	pour	money	into	making	the	us	independent	of	opec	or	crude	oil	all	together	.
we	have	the	technology	;	if	you	are	going	to	spend	billions	of	dollars	touting	"	freedom	"	why	not	spend	those	billions	making	all	of	us	free	?
free	of	polution	,	free	of	oil	dependency	,	and	free	of	big	business	that	is	bleeding	us	dry	for	the	short	term	good	-lrb-	theirs	-rrb-	.
i	'm	sorry	he	makes	me	want	to	puke	so	i	shut	him	off	.
in	the	meanwhile	there	are	still	broken	families	that	should	have	been	safe	in	the	home	of	the	brave	.
for	those	who	believe	....................
aries	in	2005	-	flexibility
if	you	want	a	motto	for	2005	,	the	best	one	to	adopt	would	be	"	go	with	the	flow	.	"
2005	will	be	a	year	of	ups	and	downs	,	and	only	the	flexible	will	be	able	to	keep	from	going	crazy	!
all	aries	natives	may	have	to	tighten	their	belts	and	curb	their	desire	for	constant	expansion	.
you	may	need	to	play	it	cool	and	curb	your	spending	.
you	'll	be	among	the	first	to	seize	upon	new	societal	trends	to	create	new	opportunities	for	yourself	,	as	your	creativity	will	be	at	an	all	-	time	high	.
you	will	be	more	eloquent	and	persuasive	than	usual	,	and	others	will	identify	enthusiastically	with	your	vision	.
if	you	want	to	start	a	new	creative	project	or	business	venture	,	your	imagination	will	be	working	overtime	.
2005	could	find	you	doing	well	career-wise	-	and	aspiring	to	climb	even	higher	.
taurus	in	2005	-	tenacity
"	diligence	"	is	the	key	word	for	you	,	taurus	.
with	hard	work	and	focus	,	you	will	attain	at	least	one	important	aspiration	that	has	been	on	your	agenda	for	a	long	time	.
this	is	the	year	you	'll	want	to	take	stock	of	your	career	and	ask	yourself	if	you	're	doing	the	work	you	want	to	do	for	the	rest	of	your	life	.
as	the	year	progresses	,	the	more	impressive	your	ideas	and	works	become	.
as	a	result	,	your	finances	improve	-	and	your	newfound	confidence	could	attract	new	love	into	your	life	.
by	the	end	of	the	year	,	you	will	have	a	whole	new	network	of	friends	and	group	activity	,	stimulating	new	ideas	and	taking	up	your	social	life	a	notch	or	two	.
gemini	in	2005	-	success
your	cycle	of	learning	through	the	school	of	hard	knocks	has	come	to	an	end	,	gemini	,	and	now	you	're	going	to	start	reaping	the	rewards	these	"	lessons	"	have	left	in	their	wake	.
as	2005	progresses	,	the	road	ahead	will	become	clearer	.
you	now	have	it	in	you	to	create	the	kind	of	life	for	yourself	that	you	want	.
these	leaps	and	bounds	forward	include	love	and	creativity	.
your	learning	of	concepts	of	all	kinds	combines	with	extensive	group	activity	,	bringing	your	mind	into	a	whole	new	space	this	year	.
by	the	end	of	2005	you	'll	have	a	whole	new	start	with	regard	to	your	career	and	your	earning	potential	-	and	a	possible	new	partnership	to	top	it	off	!
cancer	in	2005	-	balance
finding	a	balance	between	your	personal	and	professional	lives	may	be	one	of	the	year	's	strongest	challenges	.
for	the	most	part	,	your	outward	life	this	year	will	go	in	fits	and	starts	-	alternating	periods	of	intense	activity	with	times	of	welcome	rest	.
enjoy	the	restful	periods	when	you	can	.
the	active	ones	will	be	hectic	!
you	'll	be	making	radical	changes	in	your	work	habits	,	but	you	'll	be	a	lot	happier	for	it	,	and	in	the	end	you	'll	know	it	was	worth	it	.
your	love	life	is	full	,	and	any	dissatisfaction	with	career	and	money	matters	fades	into	the	background	.
by	the	end	of	2005	,	you	'll	feel	more	confident	,	more	determined	,	and	far	more	capable	of	making	the	mountains	come	to	you	!
leo	in	2005	-	abundance
pursuing	a	successful	career	,	along	with	the	usual	social	and	financial	advantages	,	will	be	easier	this	year	than	it	has	in	a	long	time	for	you	,	leo	!
the	most	difficult	thing	might	be	deciding	which	path	means	the	most	to	you	,	and	where	to	put	your	focus	.
you	'll	be	able	to	create	opportunities	for	advancement	almost	out	of	thin	air	.
romance	in	2005	will	make	it	a	year	to	remember	-	and	you	'll	be	the	envy	of	all	your	friends	.
love	comes	willingly	and	easily	.
money	may	suddenly	become	tight	at	a	very	inconvenient	time	.
yet	,	this	is	no	comparison	to	the	advancements	you	'll	make	overall	,	and	by	the	end	of	2005	,	you	'll	look	back	in	sheer	wonder	and	happiness	.
virgo	in	2005	-	perseverance
your	working	life	might	not	go	so	smoothly	this	year	,	virgo	.
for	much	of	2005	,	you	'll	be	putting	your	nose	to	the	grindstone	.
on	the	bright	side	,	your	finances	will	be	pretty	stable	.
just	do	n't	take	it	for	granted	-	you	still	need	to	be	cautious	this	year	.
your	love	life	will	thrive	for	most	of	the	year	,	and	any	relationship	begun	or	reaffirmed	in	2005	is	very	likely	to	be	a	lasting	one	.
and	,	you	're	going	to	develop	a	hopeless	romantic	streak	.
in	spite	of	a	lot	of	worry	over	your	career	,	by	the	year	's	end	,	you	'll	see	that	2005	has	filled	your	life	with	prosperity	and	accomplishments	.
libra	in	2005	-	expansion
flex	your	muscles	,	friend	libra	,	and	prepare	for	a	relatively	easy	ride	.
with	beneficent	jupiter	in	your	sign	,	this	is	definitely	your	year	,	especially	where	your	social	life	is	concerned	.
happiness	and	enjoyment	lie	ahead	.
if	you	're	not	presently	married	,	and	want	to	be	,	you	just	might	wed	by	the	end	of	the	year	.
this	is	the	year	you	're	going	to	be	doing	a	lot	of	travel	and	learning	about	your	world	,	as	expansion	is	the	theme	.
the	one	department	of	life	that	may	not	quite	be	as	hopeful	as	you	'd	like	could	be	your	career	,	where	advancement	may	be	slow	and	satisfaction	rare	.
by	year	's	end	,	you	may	find	yourself	seriously	considering	a	major	change	-	all	for	the	best	.
scorpio	in	2005	-	transmutation
scorpio	,	you	can	still	expect	changes	-	perhaps	major	ones	-	in	your	life	this	year	,	almost	to	the	point	of	total	transformation	.
while	this	is	most	apparent	in	the	area	of	your	career	,	you	'll	see	it	showing	up	in	other	important	aspects	of	your	life	.
your	life	might	take	on	an	entirely	new	direction	you	've	never	dreamed	of	.
you	may	also	change	your	residence	during	the	year	.
whether	you	start	the	year	as	a	single	person	looking	for	a	partner	,	or	you	've	been	married	for	many	years	,	happiness	in	love	does	lie	ahead	.
be	prepared	for	new	horizons	.
they	may	not	be	familiar	,	but	they	will	be	fascinating	.
do	n't	cling	to	the	banks	;	instead	,	flow	with	the	tide	in	2005	.
sagittarius	in	2005	-	empowerment
are	you	prepared	to	handle	absolute	power	?
if	not	,	you	will	be	soon	!
your	ruling	planet	,	jupiter	,	will	be	in	a	special	relationship	with	pluto	-	called	"	mutual	reception	"	-	in	2005	.
there	's	so	much	punch	packed	into	this	combination	that	it	's	almost	scary	.
you	'll	find	the	ultimate	power	is	the	ability	to	choose	your	own	destiny	.
you	'll	find	practical	ways	of	increasing	your	effectiveness	in	the	world	by	gaining	new	skills	that	allow	you	to	live	more	abundantly	.
by	the	second	half	of	the	year	,	you	will	finally	feel	welcome	relief	from	the	tight	financial	binds	that	have	hindered	you	over	the	past	two	years	.
and	,	a	relationship	you	begin	now	will	last	a	very	long	time	-	like	,	for	the	rest	of	your	life	.
overall	,	2005	is	sure	to	be	a	year	you	wo	n't	forget	.
capricorn	in	2005	-	resolution
you	've	got	plenty	of	lucky	breaks	headed	your	way	in	2005	,	friend	capricorn	.
the	long	awaited	relief	you	've	needed	in	your	love	life	is	around	the	corner	,	and	by	the	end	of	the	year	you	will	feel	much	clearer	about	your	partnerships	in	general	.
financially	,	it	could	be	a	lean	year	,	although	some	advance	planning	can	help	you	weather	the	storm	.
your	career	opportunities	will	expand	exponentially	,	and	you	're	likely	to	change	jobs	or	positions	this	year	.
at	times	,	the	pressure	on	your	job	and	home	life	may	seem	unbearable	,	but	rest	assured	you	will	come	through	this	stronger	-	and	wiser	-	than	ever	,	as	more	is	revealed	and	resolved	in	2005	.
aquarius	in	2005	-	magic
2005	sees	you	expanding	your	intuitive	and	psychic	skills	even	more	,	aquarius	.
the	mysteries	of	the	universe	continue	to	attract	and	intrigue	you	,	as	you	apply	your	mystical	awareness	to	the	important	decisions	upcoming	in	your	life	,	especially	concerning	partnerships	of	all	kinds	.
2005	is	bound	to	bring	at	least	one	major	success	in	the	love	department	,	and	your	career	will	be	brimming	with	new	enthusiasm	and	innovation	.
not	only	that	,	but	travel	,	adventure	,	and	personal	expansion	infuse	fresh	energy	into	all	areas	of	your	life	.
by	year	's	end	,	your	creative	decision	-	making	will	have	carried	you	to	whole	new	peaks	-	and	a	whole	new	view	from	above	.
pisces	in	2005	-	self	-	confidence
it	's	a	big	year	for	you	,	friend	pisces	.
no	doubt	,	in	2005	you	'll	find	yourself	pushed	more	and	more	out	into	the	world	.
you	'll	experience	a	new	sense	of	purpose	and	make	plenty	of	new	friends	.
expect	lots	of	surprises	and	lucky	breaks	this	year	,	with	uranus	bringing	the	unexpected	in	your	career	,	your	love	life	,	and	the	world	in	general	.
at	some	point	during	the	year	,	you	could	pick	up	a	financial	windfall	,	hear	of	a	great	career	opportunity	,	or	unexpectedly	meet	the	love	of	your	life	.
it	's	important	that	you	take	retreats	and	plenty	of	time	for	yourself	to	regenerate	,	as	the	rate	of	change	in	your	personal	and	professional	life	will	be	fast	and	unpredictable	.
remain	calm	and	confident	,	and	love	is	very	likely	to	flourish	in	2005	.
"	expect	the	unexpected	,	"	and	enjoy	the	ride	!
"	success	comes	before	work	"	only	in	the	dictionary
mayur	?	<	>
get	mails	everyday	<	>
share	your	mails	<	mailto:mayur...@yahoo.com	>	mayur...@yahoo.com
sms	me	...	09819602175
talk	to	me	<	ymsgr:sendim?mayursha&__hi+mayur...	>
[	send	offline	as	well	]
online?u=mayursha&m=g&t=1
1	k	download
-------------------------------------------------------------
the	mysterious	raphael	holinshed	was	named	for	the	mysterious	neoplatonic	italian	painter	raphael	sanzio	who	painted	_	st.	george	fighting	the	dragon	_	-lrb-	1504	-	06	-rrb-
[	]
----------------------------------------------------------------------
like	william	shakspere	raphael	-lrb-	the	painter	-rrb-	died	on	his	april	birthday	laura	&	bridget	's	day	:
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
archilochus	solar	eclipse	:	april	6	,	648	bc	friday
koran	descends	to	earth	:	april	6	,	610	ad	monday
clement	's	st.	methodius	dies	:	april	6	,	884	monday
petrarch	meets	laura	:	april	6	,	1327	monday
durer	dies	:	april	6	,	1528	monday
bridget	vere	's	birth	:	april	6	,	1584	monday
sir	francis	walsingham	dies	:	april	6	,	1590	monday
"	native	of	crete	"	el	greco	dies	:	april	7	,	1614	monday
{	lucio	:	does	bridget	paint	still	,	pompey	,	ha	?
[	mfm	act	3	,	sc.	2	]	}
laura	dies	of	plague	:	april	6	,	1348	sunday
raphael	born	:	april	6	,	1483	sunday
raphael	dies	:	april	6	,	1520	good	friday
thomas	hobbes	'	birth	:	april	5	,	1588	good	friday
start	of	_	the	sound	&	the	fury	_	:	april	6	,	1928	good	friday
kent	earthquake	:	april	6	,	1580	wednesday
historian	john	stow	dies	:	april	6	,	1605	sat	/	wed	.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
<<	upon	the	sixth	of	april	,	alexander	the	great	was	born	.
upon	the	same	day	he	conquered	darius	,	won	a	great	victory	at	sea	,	&	died	the	same	day	.
neither	was	this	day	less	fortunate	to	his	father	philip	;	for	on	the	same	day	he	took	potidea	;	>>	-	john	aubrey	,	f.r.s.
---------------------------------------------------------------------
antonio	perez	1535	-	1611	[	philip	ii	's	renegade	secretary	of	state	]
<<	in	"	love	's	labour	's	lost	"	we	find	a	character	don	adriana	de	armatho	,	full	of	affection	and	bombast	.
a	spanish	refugee	,	antonio	perez	,	visited	england	in	1593	and	became	acquainted	with	francis	&	anthony	bacon	,	with	whom	for	a	time	he	seems	to	have	been	on	terms	of	intimacy	,	which	did	not	last	very	long	,	for	the	spaniard	developed	so	much	affectation	&	bombast	that	he	became	unpopular	in	court	circles	.
in	1594	perez	wrote	&	published	a	book	under	the	assumed	name	of	"	raphael	peregrino	.	"
in	the	play	holofernes	is	ridiculing	don	adriana	"	the	traveler	from	spain	"	and	says	of	him	:	"	he	is	too	picked	,	too	spruce	,	too	affected	,	too	odd	,	as	it	were	,	too	peregrinate	,	as	i	may	call	it	.	"
-	act	5	,	scene	1	.
to	make	the	reference	more	pointed	and	unmistakable	,	sir	nathaniel	replies	"	a	most	singular	&	choice	epithet	,	"	and	at	once	enters	it	in	his	note	book	.
this	parody	on	perez	'	sobriquet	clearly	identifies	perez	with	armatho	.	>>
----------------------------------------------------------------
shakespeare	electronic	conference	,	vol.	6	,	no.	0832	.	monday	,	23	october	1995	.
from	:	martin	green	<	mgr...@usa.pipeline.com	>
date	:	sunday	,	22	oct	1995	10:57:32	-	0400
subject	:	re	:	facts	,	purpose	of	list	,	italy	,	jews
<<	there	were	no	jews	in	england	to	speak	of	in	the	1590's	.
true	,	but	two	in	england	that	we	know	of	were	a	part	of	the	essex	entourage	:	dr.	lopez	,	who	had	been	physician	to	essex	'	step	-	father	,	the	earl	of	leicester	,	had	apparently	treated	the	young	essex	for	some	socially	unacceptable	ailment	,	and	antonio	perez	,	who	was	a	guest	at	essex	house	in	the	early	1590's	.
to	be	sure	,	both	lopez	&	perez	were	conversos	--	but	they	were	thought	of	in	england	as	being	,	as	they	undoubtedly	were	,	at	least	ethnically	,	jews	.	>>
---------------------------------------------------------------------
<<	doctor	roderigo	lopez	-lrb-	1525	-	1594	-rrb-	was	the	portugese	jewish	doctor	accused	by	essex	of	trying	to	poison	queen	elizabeth	.
the	69	year	old	dr.	lopez	was	found	guilty	and	was	summarily	hung	and	quartered	on	june	7	,	1594	at	tyburn	.
long	before	-lrb-	september	1560	-rrb-	dr.	lopez	had	been	the	personal	house	doctor	of	robert	dudley	and	the	good	doctor	was	obligated	to	write	the	death	certificate	for	amy	robsart	-lrb-	stating	that	she	had	"	accidentally	"	fallen	down	the	stairs	-rrb-	.
that	same	year	-lrb-	1560	-rrb-	a	spanish	priest	named	ruy	lopez	handily	beat	all	comers	at	a	chess	tournament	in	rome	.
lopez	's	1561	book	"	libro	de	la	invencion	liberal	y	arte	del	juego	del	acedraz	"	became	the	classic	on	chess	openings	,	including	the	one	that	bears	his	name	.
-------------------------------------------------------------------
chess	history	1530	-	1647
[	]
1530	lopez	,	ruy	b.	in	zafra	,	spain	.
spanish	priest	&	leading	player	.
1533	atahualpa	,	inca	emperor	of	peru	,	imprisoned	&	learns	chess	.
1542	leonardo	,	giovanni	-lrb-	a.k.a.	il	puttino	/	the	boy	-rrb-	born	in	calaria	.
1550	valdiviesco	,	don	antonio	de	,	bishop	of	nicaragua	,	assassinated	while	playing	chess	in	his	palace	at	leon	.
1551	ivan	iv	of	russia	bans	chess	.
1555	castling	is	introduced	.
1560	ruy	lopez	visits	rome	and	defeats	all	the	players	.
1561	last	time	castling	was	2	separate	moves	.
1561	ruy	lopez	proposes	the	50	-	move	rule	to	claim	a	draw	.
1561	ruy	lopez	writes	his	book	on	chess	.
introduces	the	word	gambit	.
-lrb-	alcala	,	1561	-rrb-
1562	st	teresa	,	a	spanish	reformer	,	includes	chess	in	her	writings	.
1570	gianutto	della	mantia	,	horatio	born	in	italy	.
author	of	italian	chess	book	.
1572	ruy	lopez	defeats	several	eminent	players	in	rome	.
1574	boi	and	leonardo	beat	lopez	&	ceron	in	presence	of	phillip	ii	.
1575	leonardo	beats	ruy	lopez	in	madrid	.
1575	after	the	plague	of	cremona	,	all	games	except	chess	were	banned	.
1576	boi	taken	prisoner	,	but	wins	his	freedom	playing	chess	.
1580	catherine	de	medici	of	france	is	a	keen	chess	player	.
1580	ruy	lopez	died	.
1584	ivan	the	terrible	dies	while	starting	a	game	of	chess	.
1584	lopez	's	book	translated	into	italian	by	tarsia	and	published	in	venice	.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
<<	"	i	have	told	you	,	friend	,	"	said	the	curate	,	"	that	this	is	done	to	divert	our	idle	thoughts	;	and	as	in	well	-	ordered	states	games	of	chess	,	fives	,	and	billiards	are	allowed	for	the	diversion	of	those	who	do	not	care	,	or	are	not	obliged	,	or	are	unable	to	work	,	so	books	of	this	kind	are	allowed	to	be	printed	,	on	the	supposition	that	,	what	indeed	is	the	truth	,	there	can	be	nobody	so	ignorant	as	to	take	any	of	them	for	true	stories	;	>>
<<	"	well	then	,	"	said	don	quixote	,	"	the	same	thing	happens	in	the	comedy	and	life	of	this	world	,	where	some	play	emperors	,	others	popes	,	and	,	in	short	,	all	the	characters	that	can	be	brought	into	a	play	;	but	when	it	is	over	,	that	is	to	say	when	life	ends	,	death	strips	them	all	of	the	garments	that	distinguish	one	from	the	other	,	and	all	are	equal	in	the	grave	.	"
"	a	fine	comparison	!	"	said	sancho	;	"	though	not	so	new	but	that	i	have	heard	it	many	and	many	a	time	,	as	well	as	that	other	one	of	the	game	of	chess	;	how	,	so	long	as	the	game	lasts	,	each	piece	has	its	own	particular	office	,	and	when	the	game	is	finished	they	are	all	mixed	,	jumbled	up	and	shaken	together	,	and	stowed	away	in	the	bag	,	which	is	much	like	ending	life	in	the	grave	.	"
"	thou	art	growing	less	doltish	and	more	shrewd	every	day	,	sancho	,	"	said	don	quixote	.
"	ay	,	"	said	sancho	;	"	it	must	be	that	some	of	your	worship	's	shrewdness	sticks	to	me	;	land	that	,	of	itself	,	is	barren	and	dry	,	will	come	to	yield	good	fruit	if	you	dung	it	and	till	it	>>
---------------------------------------------------------------------
of	all	freemason	sponsered	revolutions	:	american	,	french	,	bolivar	,	etc	.	.	.	garibaldi	's	is	the	most	blatantly	masonic	:
nostromo	a	tale	of	the	seaboard
<<	after	having	written	so	far	,	don	martin	decoud	,	the	exotic	dandy	of	the	parisian	boulevard	,	got	up	and	walked	across	the	sanded	floor	of	the	cafe	at	one	end	of	the	albergo	of	united	italy	,	kept	by	giorgio	viola	,	the	old	companion	of	garibaldi	.
the	highly	coloured	lithograph	of	the	faithful	hero	seemed	to	look	dimly	,	in	the	light	of	one	candle	,	at	the	man	with	no	faith	in	anything	except	the	truth	of	his	own	sensations	.
looking	out	of	the	window	,	decoud	was	met	by	a	darkness	so	impenetrable	that	he	could	see	neither	the	mountains	nor	the	town	,	nor	yet	the	buildings	near	the	harbour	;	and	there	was	not	a	sound	,	as	if	the	tremendous	obscurity	of	the	placid	gulf	,	spreading	from	the	waters	over	the	land	,	had	made	it	dumb	as	well	as	blind	.	.	.	.
he	turned	away	.
he	could	bear	no	longer	that	expressionless	and	motionless	stare	,	which	seemed	to	have	a	sort	of	impenetrable	emptiness	like	the	black	depth	of	an	abyss	.
.	.	.	and	uneasy	in	its	corporate	expression	,	was	overtopped	by	the	big	face	of	don	juste	lopez	,	soft	and	white	,	with	prominent	eyelids	and	wreathed	in	impenetrable	solemnity	as	if	in	a	dense	cloud	.	>>
------------------------------------------------------------------
wisteria	lodge
<<	he	could	do	little	during	the	day	,	for	murillo	took	every	precaution	and	never	went	out	save	with	his	satellite	lucas	,	or	lopez	as	he	was	known	in	the	days	of	his	greatness	.
at	night	,	however	,	he	slept	alone	,	and	the	avenger	might	find	him	.
on	a	certain	evening	,	which	had	been	prearranged	,	i	sent	my	friend	final	instructions	,	for	the	man	was	forever	on	the	alert	and	continually	changed	his	room	.
i	was	to	see	that	the	doors	were	open	and	the	signal	of	a	green	or	white	light	in	a	window	which	faced	the	drive	was	to	give	notice	if	all	was	safe	or	if	the	attempt	had	better	be	postponed	.
"	but	everything	went	wrong	with	us	.
in	some	way	i	had	excited	the	suspicion	of	lopez	,	the	secretary	.
he	crept	up	behind	me	and	sprang	upon	me	just	as	i	had	finished	the	note	.
he	and	his	master	dragged	me	to	my	room	and	held	judgment	upon	me	as	a	convicted	traitress	.
then	and	there	they	would	have	plunged	their	knives	into	me	could	they	have	seen	how	to	escape	the	consequences	of	the	deed	.
finally	,	after	much	debate	,	they	concluded	that	my	murder	was	too	dangerous	.
but	they	determined	to	get	rid	forever	of	garcia	.
they	had	gagged	me	,	and	murillo	twisted	my	arm	round	until	i	gave	him	the	address	.
i	swear	that	he	might	have	twisted	it	off	had	i	understood	what	it	would	mean	to	garcia	.
lopez	addressed	the	note	which	i	had	written	,	sealed	it	with	his	sleeve	-	link	,	and	sent	it	by	the	hand	of	the	servant	,	jose	.
how	they	murdered	him	i	do	not	know	,	save	that	it	was	murillo	's	hand	who	struck	him	down	,	for	lopez	had	remained	to	guard	me	.
i	believe	he	must	have	waited	among	the	gorse	bushes	through	which	the	path	winds	and	struck	him	down	as	he	passed	.
at	first	they	were	of	a	mind	to	let	him	enter	the	house	and	to	kill	him	as	a	detected	burglar	;	but	they	argued	that	if	they	were	mixed	up	in	an	inquiry	their	own	identity	would	at	once	be	publicly	disclosed	and	they	would	be	open	to	further	attacks	.
with	the	death	of	garcia	,	the	pursuit	might	cease	,	since	such	a	death	might	frighten	others	from	the	task	.	>>
------------------------------------------------------
art	neuendorffer
the	rock	revolution	happened	in	the	sixties	-lrb-	6	,	number	of	the	beast	-rrb-	.
it	came	from	liverpool	,	that	was	the	port	base	to	the	titanic	,	destroyed	by	god	because	of	the	arrogant	insult	of	captain	smith	-lrb-	also	from	liverpool	-rrb-	:	"	not	even	god	can	sink	my	ship	"	-lrb-	not	only	the	captain	,	but	also	the	rest	of	the	crew	and	even	the	orchestra	playing	at	the	titanic	were	from	liverpool	-rrb-	.
the	rock	revolution	came	from	the	nation	that	allows	a	church	to	be	changed	to	a	pub	or	to	a	dance	room	or	to	a	recording	studio	full	of	drug	addicts	,	homosexuals	and	lunatics	-lrb-	as	that	of	george	martin	,	ally	of	the	beatles	-rrb-	.
it	came	from	the	nation	whose	king	enrique	viii	adulterated	the	bible	so	that	divorce	could	be	allowed	and	in	this	way	be	able	to	give	loose	rein	to	the	many	divorces	from	his	wives	and	subsequent	murdering	of	the	same	ones	and	to	whom	god	provided	a	wife	with	six	fingers	as	abomination	-lrb-	anne	boleyn	-rrb-	...	once	again	6	,	number	of	the	beast	....
it	is	interesting	to	observe	that	this	nation	is	nicknamed	"	the	devil	's	island	"	.
as	the	epithet	of	the	government	of	satan	on	that	nation	,	the	center	of	london	,	the	so	well	-	known	piccadilly	circus	,	takes	it's	name	from	an	old	brothel	-lrb-	the	"	piccadilla	house	"	which	means	"	the	house	of	sin	"	-rrb-	,	disappeared	nowadays	.
the	antichrist	john	lennon	,	one	of	the	devil	's	main	puppets	to	destroy	family	,	social	and	moral	values	and	to	begin	the	disintegration	of	mankind	,	did	hit	stuart	sutcliffe	-lrb-	the	first	bass	player	of	the	beatles	-rrb-	in	the	head	with	a	club	repeatedly	in	hamburg	.
some	months	later	sutcliffe	died	from	brain	haemorrhage	because	of	john	lennon	's	bruises	.
john	lennon	entered	stardom	being	a	murderer	.
the	same	demons	that	made	captain	smith	say	"	not	even	god	can	sink	my	ship	"	spoke	from	antichrist	john	lennon	-lrb-	from	liverpool	,	base	port	to	the	titanic	-rrb-	saying	:	"	christianity	is	on	the	go	.
it	will	vanish	and	shrink	.
we	are	more	popular	than	jesus	and	pope	"	....
that	was	the	day	that	god	's	curse	fell	upon	the	world	of	rock	.
one	week	after	that	declaration	,	only	one	week	later	,	brian	epstein	,	forger	of	the	beatle	farce	,	died	from	an	overdose	.
from	then	on	,	the	beatles	began	to	get	involved	in	false	religions	and	to	preach	them	to	the	world	.
john	lennon	's	divorce	followed	,	as	well	as	his	entering	the	world	of	black	magic	,	as	deeply	as	to	buy	the	apartment	.	where	the	"	rosemary	's	baby	"	had	been	filmed	,	previous	property	of	roman	polansky	,	and	in	that	same	apartment	john	lennon	had	a	room	upholstered	with	black	silk	where	he	used	to	do	his	black	magic	operations	.
came	the	disintegration	of	the	beatles	'	minds	with	lsd	which	has	caused	,	among	others	,	schizophrenic	lyrics	such	as	"	i	am	the	walrus	"	and	incoherent	schizophrenic	musical	expositions	like	"	revolution	number	9	"	.
at	the	same	time	,	the	devil	acted	through	his	other	main	puppets	with	"	sympathy	for	the	devil	"	that	was	when	the	pact	of	the	rolling	stones	with	satan	took	the	life	of	the	founder	of	the	group	,	the	guitarist	brian	jones	-lrb-	who	refused	to	be	a	puppet	of	the	devil	-rrb-	,	murdered	by	people	sent	by	mick	jagger	,	another	assassin	.
antichrist	john	lennon	followed	the	devil	's	strategy	writing	lyrics	such	as	"	god	is	a	concept	by	which	we	measure	our	pain	...	i	do	n't	believe	in	jesus	,	etc.	,	etc.	,	"	-lrb-	god	-rrb-	and	"	and	no	religions	too	...	"	-lrb-	imagine	-rrb-	.
antichrist	john	lennon	wanted	to	compete	with	jesus	christ	,	and	so	he	grew	a	beard	and	started	to	make	a	bogus	role	of	christ	together	with	yoko	ono	at	the	amsterdam	hilton	hotel	proclaiming	"	peace	"	,	being	then	when	he	was	visited	by	the	canadian	journalist	who	ridiculized	and	admonished	him	wanting	to	know	about	what	lennon	meant	when	he	wrote	in	the	lyrics	of	"	the	ballad	of	john	and	yoko	"	:	"	the	way	things	are	going	,	they	're	going	to	crucify	me	...	"	,	the	curse	of	god	upon	john	lennon	carried	on	with	all	type	of	miseries	and	distresses	which	made	lennon	give	the	interview	to	the	"	rolling	stone	"	magazine	-lrb-	today	condensed	in	the	"	lennon	remembers	"	book	-rrb-	where	he	speaks	about	how	bad	thing	were	going	for	him	blaming	"	whatever	is	up	there	"	for	it	-lrb-	referring	to	god	-rrb-	.
the	curse	of	god	carried	on	until	he	was	shot	dead	.
it	is	interesting	to	notice	that	he	was	shot	seven	times	,	being	seven	,	as	well	as	three	,	the	holy	numbers	in	holy	cabalah	tradition	....
after	george	harrison	,	said	arrogantly	in	a	video	filmed	in	his	studio	at	henley	on	thames	:	"	i	want	to	talk	about	the	divinity	of	man	"	,	he	was	given	throat	cancer	by	god	because	of	those	words	,	which	made	metastasis	and	carried	on	to	final	death	..
to	paul	mccartney	whose	company	's	logo	was	a	person	toying	with	the	planets	as	if	he	was	a	god	,	and	who	was	being	very	much	deluded	in	his	ego	trip	by	the	fact	that	he	was	made	"	sir	"	-lrb-	when	in	england	even	the	road	sweeper	is	made	sir	,	as	long	as	he	produces	money	for	the	nation	-rrb-	,	god	provided	cancer	to	the	wife	.
the	advertising	farce	of	how	much	he	loved	linda	-lrb-	woman	whose	quality	he	did	not	deserve	-rrb-	,	was	exposed	when	it	was	known	that	paul	had	an	affair	with	heather	mills	,	linda	's	intimate	friend	,	with	whom	mccartney	went	on	a	trip	to	new	york	and	to	whom	he	bought	things	and	presents	,	while	he	was	still	mourning	for	his	"	dear	linda	"	.
at	the	same	time	mccartney	was	going	out	with	heather	mills	,	he	used	linda	's	death	for	promotional	ends	,	due	to	his	waning	popularity	.
paul	was	going	out	with	heather	,	but	in	front	of	the	audience	he	played	the	faithful	husband	's	masquerade	pretending	to	suffer	for	linda	,	for	the	afore	mentioned	promotional	ends	.
paul	admitted	that	he	made	linda	suffer	a	lot	,	but	he	did	n't	say	that	it	was	because	he	felt	insecure	as	a	man	due	to	his	womanish	face	and	effeminate	manners	and	also	because	with	his	age	his	sexual	power	was	not	the	same	,	even	though	it	has	never	been	much	.
the	early	days	were	the	days	of	competition	between	paul	and	his	wife	and	john	and	his	wife	and	he	knew	he	had	to	compete	with	ugly	john	for	the	leadership	of	the	band	in	front	of	their	wives	and	having	yoko	ono	made	him	aware	of	his	lack	of	virility	and	repressed	homosexuality	,	he	grew	the	beard	that	we	see	in	the	"	let	it	be	"	film	and	started	to	show	pictures	of	naked	women	in	the	same	film	,	doing	every	effort	he	could	to	be	seen	as	a	man	....
it	is	easy	to	note	the	uneasiness	of	mccartney	when	he	sings	:	"	i	've	got	a	feeling	,	a	feeling	i	ca	n't	hide	...	"	in	front	of	yoko	in	the	film	.
-lrb-	he	already	had	the	traumas	that	his	previous	girlfriend	jane	asher	had	caused	him	when	she	made	him	aware	of	his	little	manliness	and	effeminate	manners	-rrb-	.
paul	has	such	a	big	inferiority	complex	as	a	man	,	due	to	his	effeminate	face	,	body	and	personality	and	due	to	his	repressed	homosexuality	,	that	he	found	himself	a	handicapped	woman	with	only	one	leg	,	so	that	he	could	stand	out	,	being	very	conscious	that	a	full	woman	would	make	him	feel	the	superiority	of	virile	men	again	,	as	jane	and	linda	did	.
this	is	something	that	his	ego	trip	of	lucky	bad	musician	could	not	face	anymore	....
he	is	very	conscious	that	money	and	fame	can	not	buy	virility	and	manliness	.
besides	being	a	murderer	,	john	lennon	had	sexual	intercourse	with	homosexual	brian	epstein	to	get	him	interested	in	going	to	see	the	band	at	the	cavern	,	trauma	from	which	he	never	recovered	.
because	of	the	trauma	that	his	homosexual	relation	with	brian	epstein	had	left	him	,	he	made	lyrics	such	as	:	"	you	can	wear	a	collar	and	a	tie	,	one	thing	you	ca	n't	hide	is	when	you	're	crippled	inside	"	and	gave	declarations	to	the	"	rolling	stone	"	magazine	saying	that	"	sometimes	he	wore	texan	boots	to	feel	more	secure	as	a	man	"	.
the	beatles	are	very	well	known	by	people	close	to	them	for	their	arrogance	and	racism	.
one	of	the	manifestations	of	their	racism	is	the	rejection	towards	japanese	yoko	ono	.
that	rejection	got	to	the	point	that	george	harrison	kicked	yoko	ono	in	the	apple	studios	during	the	filming	of	let	it	be	.
when	john	asked	george	while	they	were	having	lunch	about	how	things	were	going	for	paul	after	his	separation	from	the	beatles	and	george	replied	that	he	was	number	one	in	the	swedish	hit	parade	,	john	said	in	a	despective	manner	:	"	ah	!!	..	in	sweden	..	"	,	as	if	sweden	was	an	inferior	place	or	something	alike	.
in	the	beatles	'	song	"	get	back	"	they	advise	black	joe	to	"	get	back	to	where	you	once	belonged	"	,	as	if	england	was	not	a	place	for	black	people	.
sometimes	back	,	paul	told	george	in	the	apple	offices	that	the	new	generations	are	a	bundle	of	idiots	and	useless	people	,	but	in	any	way	they	would	have	also	been	slaves	of	the	beatles	.
the	jewish	marriage	living	to	the	right	of	george	's	house	said	that	he	is	an	arrogant	person	who	does	never	return	a	greeting	.
the	newly	married	couple	living	on	the	corner	in	front	of	the	entrance	of	george	's	house	-lrb-	friar	park	-rrb-	refers	to	him	as	an	overbearing	person	to	stay	away	from	.
the	receptionist	of	"	hand	made	"	,	the	former	film	making	company	of	george	harrison	said	:	"	we	do	n't	have	any	relation	with	that	man	anymore	and	we	do	n't	want	to	know	anything	about	him	"	.
it	is	interesting	to	note	that	this	company	was	made	bankrupt	by	the	british	cinema	industry	due	to	the	despotism	and	pedantry	of	george	harrison	,	who	believed	that	the	cinema	industry	would	have	worshiped	him	.
their	chauvinisms	got	to	the	point	that	even	they	themselves	hated	each	other	.
paul	mccartney	said	that	george	harrison	is	a	nothing	.
george	harrison	said	that	he	is	tired	of	listening	to	people	talk	about	john	lennon	....
george	harrison	said	in	a	video	that	"	oasis	is	a	very	untalented	band	and	they	should	n't	be	playing	at	all	"	,	all	of	it	being	the	truth	,	but	the	beatles	is	also	a	band	of	very	poor	musicians	,	if	musicians	at	all	,	who	could	only	play	a	couple	of	elementary	guitar	chords	and	who	are	as	untalented	as	oasis	.
the	beatles	of	the	times	of	the	"	cavern	"	sounded	exactly	as	poorly	as	oasis	and	the	little	musical	quality	in	the	songs	of	the	beatles	is	due	to	george	martin	.
without	george	martin	the	beatles	would	have	been	just	another	untalented	band	as	oasis	....
paul	mccartney	said	recently	that	he	believes	in	using	magic	,	and	he	does	lots	of	charity	,	thinking	that	in	this	way	he	will	compensate	for	the	curse	of	god	that	is	upon	him	and	that	took	his	wife	's	life	because	of	his	satanism	and	involvement	in	black	magic	.
he	thinks	he	will	deceive	people	in	this	way	,	so	that	the	real	mccartney	will	not	be	perceived	.
is	the	old	devil	attempting	to	disguise	as	good	in	front	of	people	.
satan	deceiving	mankind	once	again	,	as	so	many	other	thousands	of	times	through	the	centuries	....
after	the	devil	began	his	devastating	job	from	the	ghostly	"	devil	's	island	"	through	his	nine	main	puppets	-lrb-	beatles	-	rolling	stones	-rrb-	,	he	possessed	an	endless	amount	of	other	schizophrenic	bad	musician	in	the	afore	mentioned	island	and	weakening	their	conscience	with	drugs	,	he	made	them	proclaimers	of	homosexuality	,	aversion	to	religion	,	destruction	of	family	values	,	dissipation	,	mental	illness	,	antisocialism	,	etc.	,	etc.	,
the	fact	that	bad	apprentice	musicians	such	as	the	beatles	and	the	rolling	stones	achieved	such	a	giant	fame	that	not	even	the	real	quality	musicians	could	achieve	,	was	because	the	forces	of	satan	were	behind	everything	,	supporting	the	process	.
this	mentally	ill	humanity	,	destroyed	families	,	twisted	moral	values	,	manifest	or	repressed	homosexuality	in	human	beings	,	anti	natural	feminism	rebellion	,	drug	addiction	,	corrupt	social	outlines	,	mad	youths	without	direction	,	non	respect	to	hierarchies	,	convulsed	nations	,	misanthropy	,	misogyny	,	paedophilia	,	irrational	and	feeble	lasciviousness	and	all	other	type	of	existent	aberrations	,	are	due	to	the	vast	manoeuvre	that	satan	executed	through	his	main	marionettes	the	beatles	and	the	rolling	stones	,	from	the	devil	's	island	.
if	you	wonder	why	there	is	misery	and	curse	in	your	house	,	it	is	because	you	own	some	l.p	,	cd	or	another	article	related	to	the	cursed	by	god	beatles	and	rolling	stones	.
we	recommend	you	to	take	that	curse	out	of	your	house	throwing	away	everything	related	to	the	devil	's	main	nine	puppets	....
you	have	been	warned	...
the	high	court	.
-lrb-	the	five	judges	-rrb-
for	the	sake	of	mankind	,	you	should	email	our	verdict	to	your	friends	.
email	:	yamwhatiyam	<	pop...@spinach.eat	>
groups	:	alt.consumers	,	ba.consumers	,	misc.consumers	,	misc.consumers.frugal-living
attack	on	iran	:	a	looming	folly
by	william	rivers	pitt
t	r	u	t	h	o	u	t	|	perspective
monday	09	january	2006
the	wires	have	been	humming	since	before	the	new	year	with	reports	that	the	bush	administration	is	planning	an	attack	on	iran	.
"	the	bush	administration	is	preparing	its	nato	allies	for	a	possible	military	strike	against	suspected	nuclear	sites	in	iran	in	the	new	year	,	according	to	german	media	reports	,	reinforcing	similar	earlier	suggestions	in	the	turkish	media	,	"	reported	upi	on	december	30th	.
"	the	berlin	daily	der	tagesspiegel	this	week	,	"	continued	upi	,	"	quoted	'	nato	intelligence	sources	'	who	claimed	that	the	nato	allies	had	been	informed	that	the	united	states	is	currently	investigating	all	possibilities	of	bringing	the	mullah	-	led	regime	into	line	,	including	military	options	.
this	'	all	options	are	open	'	line	has	been	president	george	w	bush	's	publicly	stated	policy	throughout	the	past	18	months	.	"
an	examination	of	the	ramifications	of	such	an	attack	is	desperately	in	order	.
1	.	blowback	in	iraq
the	recent	elections	in	iraq	were	dominated	by	an	amalgam	of	religiously	fundamentalist	shi'ite	organizations	,	principally	the	dawa	party	and	the	supreme	council	for	islamic	revolution	in	iraq	-lrb-	sciri	-rrb-	.
both	dawa	and	sciri	have	umbilical	connections	to	the	fundamentalist	shi'ite	leadership	in	iran	that	go	back	decades	.
in	essence	,	iran	now	owns	a	significant	portion	of	the	iraqi	government	.
should	the	united	states	undertake	military	action	against	iran	,	the	ramifications	in	iraq	would	be	immediate	and	extreme	.
in	the	first	eight	days	of	january	,	eighteen	us	troops	have	been	killed	in	iraq	,	compounded	by	another	twelve	deaths	from	a	black	hawk	helicopter	crash	on	saturday	.
much	of	the	violence	aimed	at	american	forces	is	coming	from	disgruntled	sunni	factions	that	have	their	own	militias	,	believe	the	last	elections	were	a	sham	,	and	hold	little	political	power	in	the	government	.
if	the	us	attacks	iran	,	it	is	probable	that	american	forces	-	already	taxed	by	attacks	from	sunni	factions	-	will	also	face	reprisal	attacks	in	iraq	from	shi'ite	factions	loyal	to	iran	.
the	result	will	be	a	dramatic	escalation	in	us	and	civilian	casualties	,	us	forces	will	be	required	to	bunker	themselves	further	into	their	bases	,	and	us	forces	will	find	themselves	required	to	fight	the	very	government	they	just	finished	helping	into	power	.
iraq	,	already	a	seething	cauldron	,	will	sink	further	into	chaos	.
2	.	iran	's	armaments
unlike	iraq	,	iran	has	not	spent	the	last	fifteen	years	having	its	conventional	forces	worn	down	by	grueling	sanctions	,	repeated	attacks	,	and	two	american	-	led	wars	.
while	iran	's	conventional	army	is	not	what	it	was	during	the	heyday	of	the	iran	-	iraq	war	-	their	armaments	have	deteriorated	and	the	veterans	of	that	last	war	have	retired	-	the	nation	enjoys	substantial	military	strength	nonetheless	.
according	to	a	report	issued	by	the	center	for	strategic	and	international	studies	in	december	of	2004	,	iran	"	has	some	540,000	men	under	arms	and	over	350,000	reserves	.
they	include	120,000	iranian	revolutionary	guards	trained	for	land	and	naval	asymmetrical	warfare	.
iran	's	military	also	includes	holdings	of	1,613	main	battle	tanks	,	21,600	other	armored	fighting	vehicles	,	3,200	artillery	weapons	,	306	combat	aircraft	,	60	attack	helicopters	,	3	submarines	,	59	surface	combatants	,	and	10	amphibious	ships	.	"
"	iran	is	now	the	only	regional	military	power	that	poses	a	significant	conventional	military	threat	to	gulf	stability	,	"	continued	the	csis	report	.
"	iran	has	significant	capabilities	for	asymmetric	warfare	,	and	poses	the	additional	threat	of	proliferation	.
there	is	considerable	evidence	that	it	is	developing	both	a	long	-	range	missile	force	and	a	range	of	weapons	of	mass	destruction	.
it	has	never	properly	declared	its	holdings	of	chemical	weapons	,	and	the	status	of	its	biological	weapons	programs	is	unknown	.	"
a	milnet	brief	issued	in	february	2005	reports	,	"	due	to	its	position	astride	the	persian	gulf	,	iran	has	constantly	been	a	threat	to	the	gulf	.
the	so	called	'	tanker	'	wars	in	the	late	1980s	put	iran	squarely	in	the	bullseye	of	all	nations	seeking	to	transport	oil	out	of	the	region	.
even	the	small	navy	that	iran	puts	to	sea	is	capable	enough	to	harass	shipping	,	and	several	cases	of	small	boat	operations	against	oil	well	heads	in	the	gulf	during	that	period	made	it	clear	small	asymmetrical	tactics	of	the	iranian	navy	could	be	quite	effective	.	"
"	more	concerning	,	"	continued	the	milnet	brief	,	"	is	the	priority	placed	on	expanding	and	modernizing	its	navy	.
the	csis	report	cites	numerous	areas	where	iran	has	funded	modernization	including	the	most	troublesome	aspect	,	anti-shipping	cruise	missiles	:	'	iran	has	obtained	new	anti-ship	missiles	and	missile	patrol	craft	from	china	,	midget	submarines	from	north	korea	,	submarines	from	russia	,	and	modern	mines	.	'	"
it	is	iran	's	missile	armaments	that	pose	the	greatest	concern	for	american	forces	in	the	gulf	,	especially	for	the	us	navy	.
iran	's	coast	facing	the	persian	gulf	is	a	looming	wall	of	mountains	that	look	down	upon	any	naval	forces	arrayed	in	those	waters	.
the	gulf	itself	only	has	one	exit	,	the	strait	of	hormuz	,	which	is	also	dominated	by	the	mountainous	iranian	coastline	.
in	essence	,	iran	holds	the	high	ground	in	the	gulf	.
missile	batteries	arrayed	in	those	mountains	could	raise	bloody	havoc	with	any	fleet	deployed	below	.
of	all	the	missiles	in	iran	's	armament	,	the	most	dangerous	is	the	russian	-	made	ss	-	n	-	22	sunburn	.
these	missiles	are	,	simply	,	the	fastest	anti-ship	weapons	on	the	planet	.
the	sunburn	can	reach	mach	3	at	high	altitude	.
its	maximum	low	-	altitude	speed	is	mach	2.2	,	some	three	times	faster	than	the	american	-	made	harpoon	.
the	sunburn	takes	two	short	minutes	to	cover	its	full	range	.
the	missile	's	manufacturers	state	that	one	or	two	missiles	could	cripple	a	destroyer	,	and	five	missiles	could	sink	a	20,000	ton	ship	.
the	sunburn	is	also	superior	to	the	exocet	missile	.
recall	that	it	was	two	exocets	that	ripped	the	uss	stark	to	shreds	in	1987	,	killing	37	sailors	.
the	stark	could	not	see	them	to	stop	them	.
the	us	aircraft	carrier	theodore	roosevelt	is	currently	deployed	in	the	persian	gulf	,	with	some	7,000	souls	aboard	.
sailing	with	the	roosevelt	is	the	tarawa	expeditionary	strike	force	,	which	includes	the	uss	tarawa	,	the	uss	austin	,	and	the	uss	pearl	harbor	.
the	uss	austin	is	likewise	deployed	in	the	gulf	.
the	sunburn	missile	,	with	its	incredible	speed	and	ability	to	avoid	radar	detection	,	would	do	terrible	damage	these	ships	if	iran	chooses	to	retaliate	in	the	gulf	after	an	american	attack	within	its	borders	.
beyond	the	naval	threat	is	the	possibility	of	iran	throwing	its	military	muscle	into	the	ongoing	struggle	in	iraq	.
currently	,	the	us	is	facing	an	asymmetrical	attack	from	groups	wielding	small	arms	,	shoulder	-	fired	grenades	and	roadside	bombs	.
the	vaunted	american	military	has	suffered	2,210	deaths	and	tens	of	thousands	of	wounded	from	this	form	of	warfare	.
the	occupation	of	iraq	has	become	a	guerrilla	war	,	a	siege	that	has	lasted	more	than	a	thousand	days	.
if	iran	decides	to	throw	any	or	all	of	its	23,000	armored	fighting	vehicles	,	along	with	any	or	all	of	its	nearly	million	-	strong	army	,	into	the	iraq	fray	,	the	situation	in	the	middle	east	could	become	unspeakably	dire	.
3	.	the	syrian	connection
in	february	of	2005	,	iran	and	syria	agreed	upon	a	mutual	protection	pact	to	combat	"	challenges	and	threats	"	in	the	region	.
this	was	a	specific	reaction	to	the	american	invasion	of	iraq	,	and	a	reaction	to	america	's	condemnation	of	syria	after	the	death	of	lebanese	prime	minister	rafik	hariri	,	which	was	widely	seen	as	an	assassination	ordered	from	damascus	.
an	attack	on	iran	would	trigger	this	mutual	defense	pact	,	and	could	conceivably	bring	syria	into	direct	conflict	with	american	forces	.
like	iran	,	syria	's	military	is	nothing	to	scoff	at	.
virtually	every	credible	analysis	has	syria	standing	as	the	strongest	military	force	in	the	middle	east	after	israel	.
damascus	has	been	intent	for	years	upon	establishing	significant	military	strength	to	serve	as	a	counterweight	to	israel	's	overwhelming	capabilities	.
as	of	2002	,	syria	had	some	215,000	soldiers	under	arms	,	4,700	tanks	,	and	a	massive	artillery	capability	.
the	syrian	air	force	is	comprised	of	ten	to	eleven	fighter	/	attack	squadrons	and	sixteen	fighter	squadrons	,	totaling	somewhere	near	650	aircraft	.
syria	also	possesses	one	of	the	largest	arsenals	of	ballistic	missiles	in	the	region	,	comprised	primarily	of	scud	-	derived	systems	.
iran	,	north	korea	and	china	have	been	willing	providers	of	state	-	of	-	the	-	art	technologies	.
compounding	this	is	the	well	-	based	suspicion	that	syria	has	perhaps	the	most	advanced	chemical	weapons	capability	in	the	persian	gulf	.
4	.	china	and	the	us	economy
while	the	ominous	possibilities	of	heightened	iraqi	chaos	,	missiles	in	the	gulf	,	and	syrian	involvement	loom	large	if	the	us	attacks	iran	,	all	pale	in	comparison	to	the	involvement	of	china	in	any	us	/	iran	engagement	.
china	's	economy	is	exploding	,	hampered	only	by	their	great	thirst	for	petroleum	and	natural	gas	to	fuel	their	industry	.
in	the	last	several	months	,	china	has	inked	deals	with	iran	for	$	70	billion	dollars	worth	of	iranian	oil	and	natural	gas	.
china	will	purchase	250	million	tons	of	liquefied	natural	gas	from	iran	over	the	next	30	years	,	will	develop	the	massive	yadavaran	oil	field	in	iran	,	and	will	receive	150,000	barrels	of	oil	per	day	from	that	field	.
china	is	seeking	the	construction	of	a	pipeline	from	iran	to	the	caspian	sea	,	where	it	would	link	with	another	planned	pipeline	running	from	kazakhstan	to	china	.
any	us	attack	on	iran	could	be	perceived	by	china	as	a	direct	threat	to	its	economic	health	.
further	,	any	fighting	in	the	persian	gulf	would	imperil	the	tankers	running	china	's	liquefied	natural	gas	through	the	strait	of	hormuz	.
should	china	decide	to	retaliate	against	the	us	to	defend	its	oil	and	natural	gas	deal	with	iran	,	the	us	would	be	faced	with	a	significant	threat	.
this	threat	exists	not	merely	on	a	military	level	,	though	china	could	force	a	confrontation	in	the	pacific	by	way	of	taiwan	.
more	significantly	,	china	holds	a	large	portion	of	the	american	economy	in	the	palm	of	its	hand	.
paul	craig	roberts	,	writing	for	the	american	conservative	,	said	in	july	of	2005	that	"	as	a	result	of	many	years	of	persistent	trade	surpluses	with	the	united	states	,	the	japanese	government	holds	dollar	reserves	of	approximately	$	1	trillion	.
china	's	accumulation	of	dollars	is	approximately	$	600	billion	.
south	korea	holds	about	$	200	billion	.
these	sums	give	these	countries	enormous	leverage	over	the	united	states	.
by	dumping	some	portion	of	their	reserves	,	these	countries	could	put	the	dollar	under	intense	pressure	and	send	u.s.	interest	rates	skyrocketing	.
washington	would	really	have	to	anger	japan	and	korea	to	provoke	such	action	,	but	in	a	showdown	with	china	-	over	taiwan	,	for	example	-	china	holds	the	cards	.
china	and	japan	,	and	the	world	at	large	,	have	more	dollar	reserves	than	they	require	.
they	would	have	no	problem	teaching	a	hegemonic	superpower	a	lesson	if	the	need	arose	.	"
"	the	hardest	blow	on	americans	,	"	concluded	roberts	,	"	will	fall	when	china	does	revalue	its	currency	.
when	china	's	currency	ceases	to	be	undervalued	,	american	shoppers	in	wal	-	mart	,	where	70	percent	of	the	goods	on	the	shelves	are	made	in	china	,	will	think	they	are	in	neiman	marcus	.
price	increases	will	cause	a	dramatic	reduction	in	american	real	incomes	.
if	this	coincides	with	rising	interest	rates	and	a	setback	in	the	housing	market	,	american	consumers	will	experience	the	hardest	times	since	the	great	depression	.	"
in	short	,	china	has	the	american	economy	by	the	throat	.
should	they	decide	to	squeeze	,	we	will	all	feel	it	.
china	's	strong	hand	in	this	even	extends	to	the	diplomatic	realm	;	china	is	a	permanent	member	of	the	united	nations	security	council	,	and	could	veto	any	actions	against	iran	proposed	by	the	united	states	.
5	.	american	preparedness
american	citizens	have	for	decades	taken	it	as	a	given	that	our	military	can	overwhelm	and	overcome	any	foe	on	the	battlefield	.
the	rapid	victory	during	the	first	gulf	war	cemented	this	perception	.
the	last	three	years	of	the	iraq	occupation	,	however	,	have	sapped	this	confidence	.
worse	,	the	occupation	has	done	great	damage	to	the	strength	of	the	american	military	,	justifying	the	decrease	in	confidence	.
thanks	to	repeated	deployments	to	iraq	and	afghanistan	,	recruiting	is	at	an	all	-	time	low	.
soldiers	with	vital	training	and	know	-	how	are	refusing	to	re-enlist	.
across	the	board	,	the	american	military	is	stretched	to	the	breaking	point	.
two	vaunted	economists	-	one	a	nobel	prize	winner	and	the	other	a	nationally	renowned	budget	expert	-	have	analyzed	the	data	at	hand	and	put	a	price	tag	on	the	iraq	occupation	.
according	to	linda	bilmes	of	harvard	and	nobel	laureate	joseph	e.	stiglitz	of	columbia	university	,	the	final	cost	of	the	iraq	occupation	will	run	between	$	1	trillion	and	$	2	trillion	,	surpassing	by	orders	of	magnitude	the	estimates	put	forth	by	the	bush	administration	.
if	an	engagement	with	iran	envelops	our	forces	in	iraq	,	and	comes	to	involve	syria	,	our	economy	will	likely	shatter	under	the	strain	of	fighting	so	many	countries	simultaneously	.
add	to	this	the	economic	threat	posed	by	china	,	and	the	economic	threat	implicit	in	any	substantial	disruption	of	the	distribution	of	mideast	petroleum	to	the	globe	.
if	iran	and	syria	-	with	their	significant	armaments	,	missile	technologies	and	suspected	chemical	weapons	capabilities	-	decide	to	engage	with	the	relatively	undersized	us	force	in	iraq	,	our	troops	there	will	be	fish	in	a	barrel	.
iran	's	position	over	the	gulf	would	make	resupply	by	ship	and	air	support	from	carriers	a	dangerous	affair	.
in	the	worst	-	case	scenario	,	the	newly	-	minted	american	order	of	battle	requiring	the	use	of	nuclear	weapons	to	rescue	a	surrounded	and	imperiled	force	could	come	into	play	,	hurling	the	entire	planet	into	military	and	diplomatic	bedlam	.
conclusion	:	is	any	of	this	possible	?
the	question	must	be	put	as	directly	as	possible	:	what	manner	of	maniac	would	undertake	a	path	so	fraught	with	peril	and	potential	economic	catastrophe	?
it	is	difficult	to	imagine	a	justification	for	any	action	that	could	envelop	the	united	states	in	a	military	and	economic	conflict	with	iraq	,	iran	,	syria	and	china	simultaneously	.
iran	is	suspected	by	many	nations	of	working	towards	the	development	of	nuclear	weapons	,	but	even	this	justification	has	been	tossed	into	a	cocked	hat	.
recently	,	russian	president	vladimir	putin	bluntly	stated	that	iran	is	not	developing	its	nuclear	capability	for	any	reasons	beyond	peaceful	energy	creation	,	and	pledged	to	continue	assisting	iran	in	this	endeavor	.
therefore	,	any	attack	upon	iran	's	nuclear	facilities	will	bring	russia	into	the	mess	.
iran	also	stands	accused	of	aiding	terrorism	across	the	globe	.
the	dangers	implicit	in	any	attack	upon	that	nation	,	however	,	seem	to	significantly	offset	whatever	gains	could	be	made	in	the	so	-	called	"	war	on	terror	.	"
unfortunately	,	all	the	dangers	in	the	world	are	no	match	for	the	self	-	assurance	of	a	bubble	-	encased	zealot	.
what	manner	of	maniac	would	undertake	such	a	dangerous	course	?
look	no	further	than	1600	pennsylvania	avenue	.
george	w.	bush	and	his	administration	have	consistently	undertaken	incredibly	dangerous	courses	of	action	in	order	to	garner	political	power	on	the	home	front	.
recall	the	multiple	terror	threats	lobbed	out	by	the	administration	whenever	damaging	political	news	appeared	in	the	media	.
more	significantly	,	recall	iraq	.
karl	rove	,	bush	's	most	senior	advisor	,	notoriously	told	republicans	on	the	ballot	during	the	2002	midterms	to	"	run	on	the	war	.	"
the	invasion	of	iraq	provided	marvelous	political	cover	for	the	gop	not	only	during	those	midterms	,	but	during	the	2004	presidential	election	.
what	kind	of	political	cover	would	be	gained	from	an	attack	on	iran	,	and	from	the	diversion	of	attention	to	that	attack	?
the	answer	lies	in	one	now	-	familiar	name	:	jack	abramoff	.
the	abramoff	scandal	threatens	to	subsume	all	the	hard	-	fought	gop	gains	in	congress	,	and	the	2006	midterms	are	less	than	a	year	away	.
is	any	of	this	a	probability	?
logic	says	no	,	but	logic	seldom	plays	any	part	in	modern	american	politics	.
all	arguments	that	the	bush	administration	would	be	insane	to	attack	iran	and	risk	a	global	conflagration	for	the	sake	of	political	cover	run	into	one	unavoidable	truth	.
they	did	it	once	already	in	iraq	.
by	graydon	carter	-lrb-	excepted	from	"	what	we	've	lost	"	,	published	by	little	brown	-rrb-
68.4	-	average	number	of	species	added	to	the	endangered	and	threatened	species	list	each	year	between	1991	and	2000	.
0	-	number	of	endangered	species	voluntarily	added	by	the	bush	administration	since	taking	office	.
408	-	number	of	species	that	could	be	extinct	by	2050	if	the	global	-	warming	trend	continues	.
0	-	number	of	times	bush	mentioned	global	warming	,	clean	air	,	clean	water	,	pollution	or	environment	in	his	2004	state	of	the	union	speech	.
his	father	was	the	last	president	to	go	through	an	entire	state	of	the	union	address	without	mentioning	the	environment	.
1	-	number	of	paragraphs	devoted	to	global	warming	in	the	epa	's	600	-	page	"	draft	report	on	the	environment	"	presented	in	2003	.
68	-	number	of	days	after	taking	office	that	bush	decided	not	to	ratify	the	kyoto	protocol	,	the	international	treaty	to	reduce	greenhouse	gases	by	roughly	5.2	per	cent	below	1990	levels	by	2012	.
the	united	states	was	to	cut	its	level	by	7	per	cent	.
1	the	rank	of	the	united	states	worldwide	in	terms	of	greenhouse	gas	emissions	.
25	-	percentage	of	overall	worldwide	carbon	dioxide	emissions	the	united	states	is	responsible	for	.
53	-	number	of	days	after	taking	office	that	bush	reneged	on	his	campaign	promise	to	regulate	carbon	dioxide	emissions	from	power	plants	.
14	-	percentage	carbon	dioxide	emissions	will	increase	over	the	next	10	years	under	bush	's	own	global	-	warming	plan	-lrb-	an	increase	of	30	per	cent	above	their	1990	levels	-rrb-	.
5	-	number	of	years	the	bush	administration	said	in	2003	that	global	warming	must	be	further	studied	before	substantive	action	could	be	taken	.
$	44	m	-	amount	the	bush	-	cheney	2000	campaign	and	the	republican	national	committee	received	in	contributions	from	the	fossil	fuel	,	chemical	,	timber	,	and	mining	industries	.
200	-	number	of	regulation	rollbacks	downgrading	or	weakening	environmental	laws	in	bush	's	first	three	years	in	office	.
31	-	number	of	bush	administration	appointees	who	are	alumni	of	the	energy	industry	-lrb-	includes	four	cabinet	secretaries	,	the	six	most	powerful	white	house	officials	,	and	more	than	20	other	high	-	level	appointees	-rrb-	.
50	=	approximate	number	of	policy	changes	and	regulation	rollbacks	injurious	to	the	environment	that	have	been	announced	by	the	bush	administration	on	fridays	after	5	pm	,	a	time	that	makes	it	all	but	impossible	for	news	organisations	to	relay	the	information	to	the	widest	possible	audience	.
50	-	percentage	decline	in	environmental	protection	agency	enforcement	actions	against	polluters	under	bush	's	watch	.
34	-	percentage	decline	in	criminal	penalties	for	environmental	crimes	since	bush	took	office	.
50	-	percentage	decline	in	civil	penalties	for	environmental	crimes	since	bush	took	office	.
$	6.1	m	-	amount	the	epa	historically	valued	each	human	life	when	conducting	economic	analyses	of	proposed	regulations	.
$	3.7	m	-	amount	the	epa	valued	each	human	life	when	conducting	analyses	of	proposed	regulations	during	the	bush	administration	.
62	-	number	of	members	of	cheney	's	63	-	person	energy	task	force	with	ties	to	corporate	energy	interests	.
0	-	number	of	environmentalists	asked	to	attend	cheney	's	energy	task	force	meetings	.
6	-	number	of	months	before	11	september	that	cheney	's	energy	task	force	investigated	iraq	's	oil	reserves	.
2	-	percentage	of	the	world	's	population	that	is	british	.
2	-	percentage	of	the	world	's	oil	used	by	britain	.
5	-	percentage	of	the	world	's	population	that	is	american	.
25	-	percentage	of	the	world	's	oil	used	by	america	.
63	-	percentage	of	oil	the	united	states	imported	in	2003	,	a	record	high	.
24,000	-	estimated	number	of	premature	deaths	that	will	occur	under	bush	's	clear	skies	initiative	.
300	-	number	of	clean	water	act	violations	by	the	mountaintop	-	mining	industry	in	2003	.
750,000	-	tons	of	toxic	waste	the	us	military	,	the	world	's	biggest	polluter	,	generates	around	the	world	each	year	.
$	3.8	bn	-	amount	in	the	superfund	trust	fund	for	toxic	site	clean	-	ups	in	1995	,	the	year	"	polluter	pays	"	fees	expired	.
$	0	-	amount	of	uncommitted	dollars	in	the	superfund	trust	fund	for	toxic	site	clean	-	ups	in	2003	.
270	-	estimated	number	of	court	decisions	citing	federal	negligence	in	endangered	-	species	protection	that	remained	unheeded	during	the	first	year	of	the	bush	administration	.
100	-	percentage	of	those	decisions	that	bush	then	decided	to	allow	the	government	to	ignore	indefinitely	.
50	-	percentage	of	screened	workers	at	ground	zero	who	now	suffer	from	long	-	term	health	problems	,	almost	half	of	whom	do	n't	have	health	insurance	.
78	-	percentage	of	workers	at	ground	zero	who	now	suffer	from	lung	ailments	.
88	-	percentage	of	workers	at	ground	zero	who	now	suffer	from	ear	,	nose	,	or	throat	problems	.
22	-	asbestos	levels	at	ground	zero	were	22	times	higher	than	the	levels	in	libby	,	montana	,	where	the	w	r	grace	mine	produced	one	of	the	worst	superfund	disasters	in	us	history	.
1	-	number	of	bush	administration	public	statements	on	national	security	issued	between	20	january	2001	and	10	september	2001	that	mentioned	al	-	qa'ida	.
104	-	number	of	bush	administration	public	statements	on	national	security	and	defense	in	the	same	period	that	mentioned	iraq	or	saddam	hussein	.
101	-	number	of	bush	administration	public	statements	on	national	security	and	defense	in	the	same	period	that	mentioned	missile	defence	.
65	-	number	of	bush	administration	public	statements	on	national	security	and	defense	in	the	same	period	that	mentioned	weapons	of	mass	destruction	.
0	-	number	of	times	bush	mentioned	osama	bin	laden	in	his	three	state	of	the	union	addresses	.
73	-	number	of	times	that	bush	mentioned	terrorism	or	terrorists	in	his	three	state	of	the	union	addresses	.
83	-	number	of	times	bush	mentioned	saddam	,	iraq	,	or	regime	-lrb-	as	in	change	-rrb-	in	his	three	state	of	the	union	addresses	.
$	1	m	-	estimated	value	of	a	painting	the	bush	presidential	library	in	college	station	,	texas	,	received	from	prince	bandar	,	saudi	arabia	's	ambassador	to	the	united	states	and	bush	family	friend	.
0	-	number	of	times	bush	mentioned	saudi	arabia	in	his	three	state	of	the	union	addresses	.
1,700	-	percentage	increase	between	2001	and	2002	of	saudi	arabian	spending	on	public	relations	in	the	united	states	.
79	-	percentage	of	the	11	september	hijackers	who	came	from	saudi	arabia	.
3	=	number	of	11	september	hijackers	whose	entry	visas	came	through	special	us	-	saudi	"	visa	express	"	programme	.
140	-	number	of	saudis	,	including	members	of	the	bin	laden	family	,	evacuated	from	united	states	almost	immediately	after	11	september	.
14	-	number	of	immigration	and	naturalisation	service	-lrb-	ins	-rrb-	agents	assigned	to	track	down	1,200	known	illegal	immigrants	in	the	united	states	from	countries	where	al	-	qa'ida	is	active	.
$	3	m	-	amount	the	white	house	was	willing	to	grant	the	9/11	commission	to	investigate	the	11	september	attacks	.
$	0	-	amount	approved	by	george	bush	to	hire	more	ins	special	agents	.
$	10	m	-	amount	bush	cut	from	the	ins	's	existing	terrorism	budget	.
$	50	m	-	amount	granted	to	the	commission	that	looked	into	the	columbia	space	shuttle	crash	.
$	5	m	-	amount	a	1996	federal	commission	was	given	to	study	legalised	gambling	.
7	-	number	of	arabic	linguists	fired	by	the	us	army	between	mid-august	and	mid-october	2002	for	being	gay	.
george	bush	:	military	man
1972	-	year	that	bush	walked	away	from	his	pilot	duties	in	the	texas	national	guard	,	nearly	two	years	before	his	six	-	year	obligation	was	up	.
$	3,500	-	reward	a	group	of	veterans	offered	in	2000	for	anyone	who	could	confirm	bush	's	alabama	guard	service	.
600	-	700	-	number	of	guardsmen	who	were	in	bush	's	unit	during	that	period	.
0	-	number	of	guardsmen	from	that	period	who	came	forward	with	information	about	bush	's	guard	service	.
0	-	number	of	minutes	that	president	bush	,	vice	-	president	dick	cheney	,	the	defence	secretary	,	donald	rumsfeld	,	the	assistant	defence	secretary	,	paul	wolfowitz	,	the	former	chairman	of	the	defence	policy	board	,	richard	perle	,	and	the	white	house	chief	of	staff	,	karl	rove	-	the	main	proponents	of	the	war	in	iraq	-	served	in	combat	-lrb-	combined	-rrb-	.
0	-	number	of	principal	civilian	or	pentagon	staff	members	who	planned	the	war	who	have	immediate	family	members	serving	in	uniform	in	iraq	.
8	-	number	of	members	of	the	us	senate	and	house	of	representatives	who	have	a	child	serving	in	the	military	.
10	-	number	of	days	that	the	pentagon	spent	investigating	a	soldier	who	had	called	the	president	"	a	joke	"	in	a	letter	to	the	editor	of	a	newspaper	.
46	-	percentage	increase	in	sales	between	2001	and	2002	of	gi	joe	figures	-lrb-	children	's	toys	-rrb-	.
ambitious	warrior
2	-	number	of	nations	that	george	bush	has	attacked	and	taken	over	since	coming	into	office	.
130	-	approximate	number	of	countries	-lrb-	out	of	a	total	of	191	recognised	by	the	united	nations	-rrb-	with	a	us	military	presence	.
43	-	percentage	of	the	entire	world	's	military	spending	that	the	us	spends	on	defence	.
-lrb-	that	was	in	2002	,	the	year	before	the	invasion	of	iraq	.	-rrb-
$	401.3	b	-	proposed	military	budget	for	2004	.
saviour	of	iraq
1983	-	the	year	in	which	donald	rumsfeld	,	ronald	reagan	's	special	envoy	to	the	middle	east	,	gave	saddam	hussein	a	pair	of	golden	spurs	as	a	gift	.
2.5	-	number	of	hours	after	rumsfeld	learnt	that	osama	bin	laden	was	a	suspect	in	the	11	september	attacks	that	he	brought	up	reasons	to	"	hit	"	iraq	.
237	-	minimum	number	of	misleading	statements	on	iraq	made	by	top	bush	administration	officials	between	2002	and	january	2004	,	according	to	the	california	representative	henry	waxman	.
10	m	-	estimated	number	of	people	worldwide	who	took	to	the	streets	on	21	february	2003	,	in	opposition	to	the	invasion	of	iraq	,	the	largest	simultaneous	protest	in	world	history	.
$	2	b	-	estimated	monthly	cost	of	us	military	presence	in	iraq	projected	by	the	white	house	in	april	2003	.
$	4	b	-	actual	monthly	cost	of	the	us	military	presence	in	iraq	according	to	secretary	of	defence	rumsfeld	in	2004	.
$	15	m	-	amount	of	a	contract	awarded	to	an	american	firm	to	build	a	cement	factory	in	iraq	.
$	80,000	-	amount	an	iraqi	firm	spent	-lrb-	using	saddam	's	confiscated	funds	-rrb-	to	build	the	same	factory	,	after	delays	prevented	the	american	firm	from	starting	it	.
2000	-	year	that	cheney	said	his	policy	as	ceo	of	halliburton	oil	services	company	was	"	we	would	n't	do	anything	in	iraq	"	.
$	4.7	b	-	total	value	of	contracts	awarded	to	halliburton	in	iraq	and	afghanistan	.
$	680	m	-	estimated	value	of	iraq	reconstruction	contracts	awarded	to	bechtel	.
$	2.8	b	-	value	of	bechtel	corp	contracts	in	iraq	.
$	120	b	-	amount	the	war	and	its	aftermath	are	projected	to	cost	for	the	2004	fiscal	year	.
35	-	number	of	countries	to	which	the	united	states	suspended	military	assistance	after	they	failed	to	sign	agreements	giving	americans	immunity	from	prosecution	before	the	international	criminal	court	.
92	-	percentage	of	iraq	's	urban	areas	with	access	to	potable	water	in	late	2002	.
60	-	percentage	of	iraq	's	urban	areas	with	access	to	potable	water	in	late	2003	.
55	-	percentage	of	the	iraqi	workforce	who	were	unemployed	before	the	war	.
80	-	percentage	of	the	iraqi	workforce	who	are	unemployed	a	year	after	the	war	.
0	-	number	of	american	combat	deaths	in	germany	after	the	nazi	surrender	in	may	1945	.
37	-	death	toll	of	us	soldiers	in	iraq	in	may	2003	,	the	month	combat	operations	"	officially	"	ended	.
0	-	number	of	coffins	of	dead	soldiers	returning	home	that	the	bush	administration	has	permitted	to	be	photographed	.
0	-	number	of	memorial	services	for	the	returned	dead	that	bush	has	attended	since	the	beginning	of	the	war	.
a	soldier	's	best	friend
40,000	-	number	of	soldiers	in	iraq	seven	months	after	start	of	the	war	still	without	interceptor	vests	,	designed	to	stop	a	round	from	an	ak	-	47	.
$	60	m	-	estimated	cost	of	outfitting	those	40,000	soldiers	with	interceptor	vests	.
62	-	percentage	of	gas	masks	that	army	investigators	discovered	did	not	work	properly	in	autumn	2002	.
90	-	percentage	of	detectors	which	give	early	warning	of	a	biological	weapons	attack	found	to	be	defective	.
87	-	percentage	of	humvees	in	iraq	not	equipped	with	armour	capable	of	stopping	ak	-	47	rounds	and	protecting	against	roadside	bombs	and	landmines	at	the	end	of	2003	.
making	the	country	safer
$	3.29	-	average	amount	allocated	per	person	nationwide	in	the	first	round	of	homeland	security	grants	.
$	94.40	-	amount	allocated	per	person	for	homeland	security	in	american	samoa	.
$	36	-	amount	allocated	per	person	for	homeland	security	in	wyoming	,	vice	-	president	cheney	's	home	state	.
$	17	-	amount	allocated	per	person	in	new	york	state	.
$	5.87	-	amount	allocated	per	person	in	new	york	city	.
$	77.92	-	amount	allocated	per	person	in	new	haven	,	connecticut	,	home	of	yale	university	,	bush	's	alma	mater	.
76	-	percentage	of	215	cities	surveyed	by	the	us	conference	of	mayors	in	early	2004	that	had	yet	to	receive	a	dime	in	federal	homeland	security	assistance	for	their	first	-	response	units	.
5	-	number	of	major	us	airports	at	the	beginning	of	2004	that	the	transportation	security	administration	admitted	were	not	fully	screening	baggage	electronically	.
22,600	-	number	of	planes	carrying	unscreened	cargo	that	fly	into	new	york	each	month	.
5	-	estimated	percentage	of	us	air	cargo	that	is	screened	,	including	cargo	transported	on	passenger	planes	.
95	-	percentage	of	foreign	goods	that	arrive	in	the	united	states	by	sea	.
2	-	percentage	of	those	goods	subjected	to	thorough	inspection	.
$	5.5	b	-	estimated	cost	to	secure	fully	us	ports	over	the	next	decade	.
$	0	-	amount	bush	allocated	for	port	security	in	2003	.
$	46	m	-	amount	the	bush	administration	has	budgeted	for	port	security	in	2005	.
15,000	-	number	of	major	chemical	facilities	in	the	united	states	.
100	-	number	of	us	chemical	plants	where	a	terrorist	act	could	endanger	the	lives	of	more	than	one	million	people	.
0	-	number	of	new	drugs	or	vaccines	against	"	priority	pathogens	"	listed	by	the	centres	for	disease	control	that	have	been	developed	and	introduced	since	11	september	2001	.
giving	a	hand	up	to	the	advantaged
$	10.9	m	-	average	wealth	of	the	members	of	bush	's	original	16	-	person	cabinet	.
75	-	percentage	of	americans	unaffected	by	bush	's	sweeping	2003	cuts	in	capital	gains	and	dividends	taxes	.
$	42,000	-	average	savings	members	of	bush	's	cabinet	received	in	2003	as	a	result	of	cuts	in	capital	gains	and	dividends	taxes	.
10	-	number	of	fellow	members	from	the	yale	secret	society	skull	and	bones	that	bush	has	named	to	important	positions	-lrb-	including	the	associate	attorney	general	robert	mccallum	jr.	and	sec	chief	bill	donaldson	-rrb-	.
79	-	number	of	bush	's	initial	189	appointees	who	also	served	in	his	father	's	administration	.
a	man	with	a	lot	of	friends
$	113	m	-	amount	of	total	hard	money	the	bush	-	cheney	2000	campaign	received	,	a	record	.
$	11.5	m	-	amount	of	hard	money	raised	through	the	pioneer	programme	,	the	controversial	fund	-	raising	process	created	for	the	bush	-	cheney	2000	campaign	.
-lrb-	participants	pledged	to	raise	at	least	$	100,000	by	bundling	together	cheques	of	up	to	$	1,000	from	friends	and	family	.
pioneers	were	assigned	numbers	,	which	were	included	on	all	cheques	,	enabling	the	campaign	to	keep	track	of	who	raised	how	much	.	-rrb-
george	bush	:	money	manager
4.7	m	-	number	of	bankruptcies	that	were	declared	during	bush	's	first	three	years	in	office	.
2002	-	the	worst	year	for	major	markets	since	the	recession	of	the	1970s	.
$	489	b	-	the	us	trade	deficit	in	2003	,	the	worst	in	history	for	a	single	year	.
$	5.6	t	-	projected	national	surplus	forecast	by	the	end	of	the	decade	when	bush	took	office	in	2001	.
$	7.22	t	-	us	national	debt	by	mid-2004	.
george	bush	:	tax	cutter
87	-	percentage	of	american	families	in	april	2004	who	say	they	have	felt	no	benefit	from	bush	's	tax	cuts	.
39	-	percentage	of	tax	cuts	that	will	go	to	the	top	1	per	cent	of	american	families	when	fully	phased	in	.
49	-	percentage	of	americans	in	april	2004	who	found	that	their	taxes	had	actually	gone	up	since	bush	took	office	.
88	-	percentage	of	american	families	who	will	save	less	than	$	100	on	their	2006	federal	taxes	as	a	result	of	2003	cut	in	capital	gains	and	dividends	taxes	.
$	30,858	-	amount	bush	himself	saved	in	taxes	in	2003	.
employment	tsar
9.3	m	-	number	of	us	unemployed	in	april	2004	.
2.3	m	-	number	of	americans	who	lost	their	jobs	during	first	three	years	of	the	bush	administration	.
22	m	-	number	of	jobs	gained	during	clinton	's	eight	years	in	office	.
friend	of	the	poor
34.6	m	-	number	of	americans	living	below	the	poverty	line	-lrb-	1	in	8	of	the	population	-rrb-	.
6.8	m	-	number	of	people	in	the	workforce	but	still	classified	as	poor	.
35	m	-	number	of	americans	that	the	government	defines	as	"	food	insecure	,	"	in	other	words	,	hungry	.
$	300	m	-	amount	cut	from	the	federal	programme	that	provides	subsidies	to	poor	families	so	they	can	heat	their	homes	.
40	-	percentage	of	wealth	in	the	united	states	held	by	the	richest	1	per	cent	of	the	population	.
18	-	percentage	of	wealth	in	britain	held	by	the	richest	1e	per	cent	of	the	population	.
george	bush	and	his	special	friend
$	60	b	-	loss	to	enron	stockholders	,	following	the	largest	bankruptcy	in	us	history	.
$	205	m	-	amount	enron	ceo	kenneth	lay	earned	from	stock	option	profits	over	a	four	-	year	period	.
$	101	m	-	amount	lay	made	from	selling	his	enron	shares	just	before	the	company	went	bankrupt	.
$	59,339	-	amount	the	bush	campaign	reimbursed	enron	for	14	trips	on	its	corporate	jet	during	the	2000	campaign	.
30	-	length	of	time	in	months	between	enron	's	collapse	and	lay	-lrb-	whom	the	president	called	"	kenny	boy	"	-rrb-	still	not	being	charged	with	a	crime	.
george	bush	:	lawman
15	-	average	number	of	minutes	bush	spent	reviewing	capital	punishment	cases	while	governor	of	texas	.
46	-	percentage	of	republican	federal	judges	when	bush	came	to	office	.
57	-	percentage	of	republican	federal	judges	after	three	years	of	the	bush	administration	.
33	-	percentage	of	the	$	15	bn	bush	pledged	to	fight	aids	in	africa	that	must	go	to	abstinence	-	only	programmes	.
the	civil	libertarian
680	-	number	of	suspected	al	-	qa'ida	members	that	the	united	states	admits	are	detained	at	guantanamo	bay	,	cuba	.
42	-	number	of	nationalities	of	those	detainees	at	guantanamo	.
22	-	number	of	hours	prisoners	were	handcuffed	,	shackled	,	and	made	to	wear	surgical	masks	,	earmuffs	,	and	blindfolds	during	their	flight	to	guantanamo	.
32	-	number	of	confirmed	suicide	attempts	by	guantanamo	bay	prisoners	.
24	-	number	of	prisoners	in	mid-2003	being	monitored	by	psychiatrists	in	guantanamo	's	new	mental	ward	.
a	health	-	conscious	president
43.6	m	-	number	of	americans	without	health	insurance	by	the	end	of	2002	-lrb-	more	than	15	per	cent	of	the	population	-rrb-	.
2.4	m	-	number	of	americans	who	lost	their	health	insurance	during	bush	's	first	year	in	office	.
image	booster	for	the	us
2,500	-	number	of	public	-	diplomacy	officers	employed	by	the	state	department	to	further	the	image	of	the	us	abroad	in	1991	.
1,200	-	number	of	public	-	diplomacy	officers	employed	by	the	state	department	to	further	us	image	abroad	in	2004	.
4	-	rank	of	the	united	states	among	countries	considered	to	be	the	greatest	threats	to	world	peace	according	to	a	2003	pew	global	attitudes	study	-lrb-	israel	,	iran	,	and	north	korea	were	considered	more	dangerous	;	iraq	was	considered	less	dangerous	-rrb-	.
$	66	b	-	amount	the	united	states	spent	on	international	aid	and	diplomacy	in	1949	.
$	23.8	b	-	amount	the	united	states	spent	on	international	aid	and	diplomacy	in	2002	.
85	-	percentage	of	indonesians	who	had	an	unfavourable	image	of	the	united	states	in	2003	.
second	-	party	endorsements
90	-	percentage	of	americans	who	approved	of	the	way	bush	was	handling	his	job	as	president	on	26	september	2001	.
67	-	percentage	of	americans	who	approved	of	the	way	bush	was	handling	his	job	as	president	on	26	september	2002	.
54	-	percentage	of	americans	who	approved	of	the	way	bush	was	handling	his	job	as	president	on	30	september	,	2003	.
50	-	percentage	of	americans	who	approved	of	the	way	bush	was	handling	his	job	as	president	on	15	october	2003	.
49	-	percentage	of	americans	who	approved	of	the	way	bush	was	handling	his	job	as	president	in	may	2004	.
more	like	the	french	than	he	would	care	to	admit
28	-	number	of	vacation	days	bush	took	in	august	2003	,	the	second	-	longest	vacation	of	any	president	in	us	history	.
-lrb-	record	holder	richard	nixon	.	-rrb-
13	-	number	of	vacation	days	the	average	american	receives	each	year	.
28	-	number	of	vacation	days	bush	took	in	august	2001	,	the	month	he	received	a	6	august	presidential	daily	briefing	headed	"	osama	bin	laden	determined	to	strike	us	targets	.	"
500	-	number	of	days	bush	has	spent	all	or	part	of	his	time	away	from	the	white	house	at	his	ranch	in	crawford	,	texas	,	his	parents	'	retreat	in	kennebunkport	,	maine	,	or	camp	david	as	of	1	april	2004	.
no	fool	when	it	comes	to	the	press
11	-	number	of	press	conferences	during	his	first	three	years	in	office	in	which	bush	referred	to	questions	as	being	"	trick	"	ones	.
factors	in	his	favor
3	-	number	of	companies	that	control	the	us	voting	technology	market	.
52	-	percentage	of	votes	cast	during	the	2002	midterm	elections	that	were	recorded	by	election	systems	&	software	,	the	largest	voting	-	technology	firm	,	a	big	republican	donor	.
29	-	percentage	of	votes	that	will	be	cast	via	computer	voting	machines	that	do	n't	produce	a	paper	record	.
17	-	on	17	november	2001	,	the	economist	printed	a	correction	for	having	said	george	bush	was	properly	elected	in	2000	.
$	113	m	-	amount	raised	by	the	bush	-	cheney	2000	campaign	,	the	most	in	american	electoral	history	.
$	185	m	-	amount	raised	by	the	bush	-	cheney	2004	re-election	campaign	,	to	the	end	of	march	2004	.
$	200	m	-	amount	that	the	bush	-	cheney	2004	campaign	expects	to	raise	by	november	2004	.
268	number	of	bush	-	cheney	fund	-	raisers	who	had	earned	pioneer	status	-lrb-	by	raising	$	100,000	each	-rrb-	as	of	march	2004	.
187	-	number	of	bush	-	cheney	fund	-	raisers	who	had	earned	ranger	status	-lrb-	by	raising	$	200,000	each	-rrb-	as	of	march	2004	.
$	64.2	m	-	the	amount	pioneers	and	rangers	had	raised	for	bush	-	cheney	as	of	march	2004	.
85	-	percentage	of	americans	who	ca	n't	name	the	chief	justice	of	the	united	states	.
69	-	percentage	of	americans	who	believed	the	white	house	's	claims	in	september	2003	that	saddam	hussein	was	personally	involved	in	the	11	september	attacks	.
34	-	percentage	of	americans	who	believed	in	june	2003	that	saddam	's	"	weapons	of	mass	destruction	"	had	been	found	.
22	-	percentage	of	americans	who	believed	in	may	2003	that	saddam	had	used	his	wmds	on	us	forces	.
85	-	percentage	of	american	young	adults	who	can	not	find	afghanistan	,	iraq	,	or	israel	on	a	map	.
30	-	percentage	of	american	young	adults	who	can	not	find	the	pacific	ocean	on	a	map	.
75	-	percentage	of	american	young	adults	who	do	n't	know	the	population	of	the	united	states	.
53	-	percentage	of	canadian	young	adults	who	do	n't	know	the	population	of	the	united	states	.
11	-	percentage	of	american	young	adults	who	can	not	find	the	united	states	on	a	map	.
30	-	percentage	of	americans	who	believe	that	"	politics	and	government	are	too	complicated	to	understand	.	"
another	factor	in	his	favor
70	m	-	estimated	number	of	americans	who	describe	themselves	as	evangelicals	who	accept	jesus	christ	as	their	personal	saviour	and	who	interpret	the	bible	as	the	direct	word	of	god	.
23	m	-	number	of	evangelicals	who	voted	for	bush	in	2000	.
50	m	-	number	of	voters	in	total	who	voted	for	bush	in	2000	.
46	-	percentage	of	voters	who	describe	themselves	as	born	-	again	christians	.
5	-	number	of	states	that	do	not	use	the	word	"	evolution	"	in	public	school	science	courses	.
my	dad	just	does	n't	understand	?
ugh	my	dad	is	so	stupid	...	he	just	does	n't	understand	anything	!
i	have	5	sisters	and	so	including	my	mom	...	he	is	the	only	guy	in	a	house	of	six	females	.
now	i	'm	the	youngest	and	i	just	got	my	period	so	now	we	all	have	ours	and	he	thinks	it	's	a	good	thing	?
he	's	always	like	"	ohh	you	must	be	so	happy	to	finally	have	yours	,	i	wish	i	had	mine	!	"	and	he	is	n't	even	joking	.
i	think	just	living	in	a	house	with	so	many	girls	is	making	him	go	crazy	?
yep	,	the	females	are	just	getting	to	him	...	dads	..
do	n't	blame	him	please	,	he	feels	lonely	and	wants	to	show	his	attention	to	all	of	you	to	look	after	you	,	please	forgive	and	sympathy	if	he	miss	something	.
i	am	sorry	for	him	,	he	is	a	good	dad
equine	collages	uk	need	help	!!!?
can	somebody	give	me	the	names	some	collages	that	do	post	18	-lrb-	degrees	or	foundation	degrees	-rrb-	in	either	:
horse	behaviour	/	training	or
equine	psychology
no	one	employs	people	from	hartpury	because	of	what	they	received	on	work	experience	.
merrist	wood	-lrb-	i	'm	there	on	a	nvq	equine	course	-rrb-	do	hnd	in	equine	management	.
your	best	bet	is	to	look	on	ucas	and	do	a	course	search	.
merrist	wood	in	woking	in	surrey	.
moreton	morrell	in	coventry	,	warwickshire
hartpury	college	-lrb-	i	think	that	is	the	name	,	but	if	you	type	it	in	it	should	come	up	with	an	alternative	suggestion	-rrb-	,	in	gloucestershire	.
go	onto	the	ucas	website	,	go	onto	course	search	and	search	for	the	courses	you	want	to	do	.
they	'll	give	you	a	comprehensive	list	of	all	the	universities	that	do	the	courses	you	want	,	plus	all	the	information	you	need	to	apply	.
besides	from	pacquiao	,	what	else	is	the	philipines	famous	for	?
cheap	hookers
you	should	n't	ask	this	question	it	's	intimidating	,	if	i	tell	you	what	people	knows	about	philippines	you	will	blush	,	thank	god	many	thinks	i	'm	japanese	just	because	of	the	way	i	keep	myself	,	the	way	i	talk	and	treat	people	,	and	the	way	i	dress	,	so	if	you	do	n't	want	nasty	,	insulting	answers	especially	from	those	undesirable	migrants	like	puttagenius	,	caloy	,	gro	science	,	and	irene	.
in	fact	philippines	is	famous	to	accept	people	like	these	people	i	mentioned	whose	not	filipinos	but	helping	the	philippines	to	plunge	in	the	pit	as	they	are	the	rot	of	the	country	.
they	need	to	be	expulse	from	the	country	and	if	they	are	not	there	they	should	be	banned	entering	the	country	to	plant	their	eggs	,	as	they	are	considered	as	the	rotten	left	overs	of	dinasaurs
being	the	texting	capital	of	the	world	.
would	you	recommend	living	in	limerick	as	a	student	?
i	've	been	given	the	opportunity	to	live	in	limerick	,	ireland	,	next	year	as	part	of	my	course	..	if	you	know	about	limerick	,	what	are	the	pros	and	cons	?
and	would	you	recommend	it	as	a	student	?
the	l.i.t	is	so	close	to	moyross	,	yet	again	the	ppl	who	talk	sh*t	about	moyross	still	go	there	.
limerick	's	a	great	student	city	,	there	's	loads	on	,	you	'll	be	spoilt	for	choice	.
in	fact	,	you	probably	wo	n't	ever	want	to	leave	.
orla	got	it	in	one	.
although	there	is	'	bad	press	'	directing	at	area's	of	limerick	,	but	nowhere	near	the	university	.
limerick	is	such	a	full	city	,	shopping	,	night	life	,	career	choices	,	social	choices	,	i	came	here	about	12	years	ago	for	college	.....	and	orla	got	it	spot	on	,	i	have	n't	left	,	nor	would	i	.
it	s	now	my	home	.
my	mytouch	4g	crashes	with	most	custom	roms	i	install	.
can	that	be	fixed	?
i	really	like	the	miui	,	but	a	process	crashes	repeatedly	about	every	3	seconds	.
and	i	ca	n't	even	load	the	newest	version	of	cyanogen	mod	.
not	by	the	company	...	as	you	voided	your	warrenty	by	installing	custom	roms
you	are	best	to	either	recover	to	the	standard	rom	,	or	find	one	that	does	n't	crash	.
cynangon	mod	should	work	.
have	you	tried	using	clockwork	recovery	?
get	the	older	version	of	cynagon	mod	.
also	you	could	use	a	stable	rom	like	bugless	beast	and	baked	snake	.
those	roms	focus	on	speed	and	stability	.
or	you	could	just	use	a	home	screen	launcher	replacement	.
i	would	recommend	go	launcher	or	adw	launcher	.
they	are	both	excellent	and	speed	up	the	phone	quite	a	bit	.
as	a	mytouch	4g	owner	i	know	the	phone	is	pretty	fast	and	their	is	no	point	installing	a	rom	.
hope	you	read	through	this	.
are	the	moors	and	penines	in	yorkshire	a	lonely	eerie	place	?
and	how	big	are	they	?
i	m	33	.
i	ve	never	been	to	the	yorkshire	moors	or	penines	at	all	...	i	can	see	the	penines	in	the	far	distance	from	my	bedroom	window	.
when	i	watched	werewolf	in	london	-lrb-	great	film	-rrb-	that	was	the	only	time	i	saw	the	yorkshire	moors	.
can	anyone	give	me	information	about	them	?
they	can	be	bleak	and	eerie	,	often	very	exposed	,	often	covered	with	antiquities	like	bronze	age	burial	mounds	,	stone	circles	and	settlements	--	until	late	in	the	bronze	age	they	were	rich	farmlands	,	then	a	change	in	the	climate	caused	the	skies	to	cloud	over	and	rain	to	wash	the	goodness	from	the	soil	.
the	people	abandoned	their	farms	and	religious	sites	and	the	ground	they	stood	on	became	moorland	.
they	can	also	be	very	beautiful	when	the	purple	heather	is	out	,	and	they	are	habitat	to	much	wildlife	and	many	species	of	wildflowers	.
i	have	a	western	pleasure	appy	that	s	really	heavy	on	her	left	lead	at	the	lope	?
my	appy	is	very	heavy	on	her	left	lead	at	the	lope	.
she	seems	to	lope	one	stride	and	trot	the	next	and	repeat	...
how	could	i	work	with	her	to	get	off	her	four	hand	,	get	balance	,	and	lope	smoothly	and	slowly	??
put	on	a	pair	of	spurs	and	before	she	makes	that	trot	step	,	it	's	in	the	feeling	when	you	feel	her	think	trot	,	tick	her	with	the	spur	and	lift	with	your	body	to	keep	her	moving	.
if	you	concentrate	on	that	feel	just	before	the	trot	you	can	figure	it	out	and	the	timing	is	essential	to	push	her	at	that	instant	.
lope	her	to	the	left	in	circles	,	keep	her	head	to	the	inside	of	the	circle	and	push	her	but	out	,	keep	doing	this	if	she	breaks	to	a	jog	go	a	little	bit	bigger	circle	,	till	she	can	get	enough	balance	to	go	small	and	small	.	circles
my	new	olympus	x940	digital	camera	...	?
hi	everyone	....	just	hav	my	hands	on	my	new	olympus	x940	digital	camera	..	wel	,	i	always	wanted	2	hav	one	by	sony	..	but	anyways	,	ended	up	having	olympus	x940	from	my	dad	.......	does	any1	already	has	it	?
how	has	ur	experience	with	it	?
is	it	a	gud	option	for	casual	/	formal	functions	photography	?????
wht	abt	its	picture	quality	???
is	it	comparable	to	sony	products	or	not	??
it	has	14	mega	pixel	camera	...	n	4	x	wide	optical	zoom	...
ur	answers	and	reviews	wud	be	highly	appreciated	.......	thanks	!!!!!!!
olympus	x	-	940	14	megapixel	digital	camera	has	filters	and	can	do	all	sorts	of	special	effects	.
it	is	def	worth	more	than	the	price	.
i	am	very	satisfied	.
a	good	camera	for	the	plain	point	and	shoot	.
my	answer	is	that	we	do	n't	to	text	speak	here	...	we	type	in	english	.
get	your	english	in	order	before	writing	here	again	please	.
dead	pixel	of	my	photos	?
just	want	to	ask	..	i	have	an	nikon	dslr	..	i	m	wondering	why	if	i	zoom	my	picture	zoom	like	almost	200	-	300	percent	..	i	can	see	some	dead	pixel	...	is	there	something	wrong	with	my	camera	body	?
lens	?
or	what	?
please	help	me	..	and	what	should	i	do	to	fix	this	problem	?
or	it	is	normal	?
are	you	sure	it	is	n't	dirt	on	the	sensor	?
put	the	camera	on	manual	focus	and	set	focus	to	infinity
take	a	photo	of	a	very	light	plain	subject	close	to	the	lens	using	long	exposure	and	smallest	aperture	you	have	-	over	expose	by	a	couple	of	stops
you	will	see	in	the	image	if	there	is	dirt	as	that	will	be	the	only	thing	in	focus
cure	is	to	get	the	sensor	cleaned
there	should	be	a	pixel	mapping	function	in	the	menu	that	will	get	rid	of	them	,	most	sensors	have	a	few	dead	and	flipped	pixels	,	some	only	show	up	on	long	exposures	.
chris
new	zealand	skilled	migrant	visa	?
if	you	apply	for	a	skilled	migrant	worker	s	visa	and	it	is	accepted	do	you	have	to	find	work	in	the	same	sector	as	your	skills	on	your	application	or	can	you	take	up	other	work	if	you	ca	n't	find	something	in	your	own	field	.
i	have	posted	this	question	on	the	nz	visa	site	and	ca	n't	get	any	info	,	does	anyone	know	.???
watch	out	the	poles	are	coming	.....	my	little	butterfly
that	would	be	preferable	but	it	does	n't	matter	,	could	be	something	similar
it	depends	on	the	conditions	of	your	skilled	migrant	visa	.
your	visa	should	say	whether	or	not	you	are	restricted	to	work	in	a	specific	sector	.
if	your	visa	does	not	restrict	you	from	taking	any	work	in	new	zealand	then	you	can	work	in	any	sector	.
it	only	matters	if	you	received	an	offer	of	employment	or	if	you	are	currently	working	in	new	zealand	and	used	that	job	in	your	application	to	get	your	skilled	migrant	visa	.
in	chicago	,	what	is	the	best	restaurant	to	dine	at	on	a	budget	?
downtown	chicago	,	loop	,	north
take	the	red	line	to	clark	,	then	you	turn	right	.
walk	2	blocks	then	turn	right	again	.
walk	2	more	blocks	then	cross	the	street	.
you	will	get	to	a	place	called	"	big	bowl	"	.
thai	food	and	asian	.
best	place	ever	!!!!!!!!!!!!
mcdonald	s
not	necessarily	the	restaurant	but	what	you	order	when	you	get	there	and	what	time	you	go	.
a	lunch	will	be	less	expensive	than	a	dinner	.
you	can	order	appetizers	rather	than	a	full	meal	and	have	just	as	good	a	dinner	.
but	the	best	way	is	to	use	coupons	.
check	out	http://www.restaurant.com	lots	of	restaurants	you	can	look	at	the	menu	and	check	out	prices	.
yo	also	may	want	to	try	"	small	neighborhood	"	restaurants	and	support	family	run	places	rather	than	the	large	corporate	chains	.
not	that	there	is	anything	wrong	with	that	because	they	also	employ	local	people	that	live	and	shop	in	the	area	.
is	there	any	cure	for	mouse	poison	?
i	found	a	poor	little	mouse	walking	around	in	my	friend	s	house	,	and	since	i	was	able	to	catch	it	very	easily	-lrb-	normally	mice	move	at	the	speed	of	light	-rrb-	,	and	since	it	was	acting	unresponsive	,	i	thought	it	was	infected	with	mouse	poison	,	since	my	friend	uses	it	.
i	know	that	the	mouse	will	probably	die	,	but	i	was	wondering	if	there	is	any	cure	for	mouse	poison	?
i	just	hate	to	see	the	poor	dears	experience	a	slow	painful	death	that	way	:-lrb-	.
without	knowing	the	exact	poison	,	no	.
a	common	one	is	arsenic	and	there	really	is	n't	a	way	to	cure	that	.
take	the	mouse	to	an	emergency	vet	and	have	them	use	co2	to	put	the	mouse	to	sleep	.
or	,	you	can	put	the	animal	in	a	snap	trap	designed	for	rats	or	mice	since	that	is	the	only	really	humane	kill	method	for	invasive	animals	.
a	quick	cure	would	be	arm	&	hammer	to	it's	head	.
crayola	air	-	dry	clay	?
ok	.
so	i	have	a	very	long	list	of	people	i	want	to	make	xmas	gifts	for	and	one	of	them	is	my	best	friend	.
she	loves	giraffes	and	homemade	things	!
i	am	very	artistic	so	i	decided	i	was	going	to	make	her	a	giraffe	sculpture	.
i	do	n't	have	much	money	so	i	bought	crayola	air	-	dry	clay	.
i	have	sculpted	the	giraffe	laying	down	.
the	key	is	...	i	have	a	few	problems	:
1	.	i	tested	it	out	by	making	a	figure	boat
and	after	4	days	when	it	dried	it	was	very	fragile	!
-lrb-	like	very	not	in	a	good	way	-rrb-
is	there	any	way	to	strengthen	it	?
2	.	what	kind	of	paint	do	i	use	to	paint	the	giraffe	?
3	.	is	there	any	cheap	way	to	give	it	a	shine	like	i	made	it	in	a	kiln	?
air	dry	clay	works	on	armatures	,	the	clay	has	a	minor	shrink	percent	,	so	you	can	leave	the	wire	armature	inside	,	paint	with	acrylic	paint
taking	young	cat	with	me	for	a	week	out	of	state	?
good	idea	?
i	have	a	3	-	4	month	old	kitten	and	i	live	in	forida	.
i	am	going	to	my	grandma	s	in	north	carolina	and	we	are	going	camping	in	a	cabin	in	west	virginia	.
my	cat	is	a	outside	cat	but	she	loves	it	inside	.
she	is	also	good	in	a	carrier	.
should	i	bring	her	?
if	so	how	quick	will	she	adapt	to	a	litter	box	inside	?
thanks
we	took	our	cat	mitten	camping	.
he	loved	it	.
but	he	was	an	inside	/	outside	cat	-lrb-	only	one	i	owned	-	rest	have	been	100	0nside	cats	-rrb-	.
he	was	trained	to	a	harness	/	leash	for	outside	time	but	he	knew	to	use	the	litter	pan	inside	.
if	your	cat	is	not	trained	to	use	the	litter	pan	,	you	may	have	a	problem	taking	her	.
no	!
changing	its	surroundings	too	often	will	stress	it	out	and	it	will	get	depressed	,	mean	,	sick	,	or	will	not	want	to	be	around	you	.
what	cleaners	should	i	use	for	dusting	around	my	parakeet	?
what	cleaners	can	i	use	to	dust	around	my	budgie	.
would	pledge	be	ok	?
if	not	,	what	is	?
your	best	bet	would	just	be	a	swiffer	duster	--	they	do	n't	require	cleaner	.
if	you	must	use	a	cleaner	,	pledge	should	be	fine	if	the	area	that	you	keep	your	parakeet	in	is	well	ventilated	.
i	have	had	parakeets	for	a	very	long	time	,	and	i	use	pledge	.
just	keep	a	window	open	for	a	while	for	fresh	air	to	circulate	.
i	agree	w	the	answer	from	nothing	.
even	a	cotton	cloth	-lrb-	i	like	diapers	-rrb-	that	is	barely	damp	w	water	will	work	fine	.
swiffer	or	any	type	of	micro-fiber	cloth	is	excellent	.
i	use	miracle	cloth	,	they	're	fantastic	,	just	do	n't	use	fabric	softener	or	dryer	sheets	when	cleaning	them	,	it	ruins	their	"	grabbing	"	ability	.
http://www.solutions.com/jump.jsp?itemid=1361&itemtype=product&path=1%2c3%2c477&iproductid=1361	if	anything	you	use	has	a	strong	or	lingering	fragrance	it	can	bother	or	potentially	injure	the	bird	.
rp	:	is	it	wrong	to	want	to	remove	a	contact	because	they	are	really	really	stupid	...	?
i	did	n't	get	to	read	the	answers	lol	:-lrb-
i	'm	not	gon	na	say	who	,	they	are	on	now	.
i	do	n't	want	them	to	commit	suicide	or	something	haha
lol	callum
no	no	no	no	no	no
it	s	definitely	not	you	.
no
it	s	not	any	of	you	lol
i	emailed	you	saaaaaam	.
i	do	n't	know	.
how	did	you	know	.
it	's	not	me	is	it	!?
i	'm	mostly	joking	when	i	talk	about	suicide	and	really	i	'm	not	that	stupid	i	just	get	in	stupid	situations	d:
i	guz	what	lol
whoooooo	?
sorry	but	i	ca	n't	help	my	stupidity	=-lrb-
edit	:	i	love	how	she	says	it	's	not	callum	but	does	n't	deny	it	's	me	....	i	think	we	all	know	who	she	's	talking	about	...
edit	:	now	i	'm	curious	...
edit	:	how	did	i	know	...
lol	they	really	are	n't	that	much	worse	than	me
and	their	gpa	was	better	than	mine	....
can	i	buy	a	laptop	in	u.k	and	then	take	it	to	rep.	ireland	and	put	a	irish	pay	,	go	dongle	in	it	?
i	want	to	buy	a	laptop	for	my	girlfriend	in	ireland	,	would	she	be	able	to	just	use	the	dongle	she	uses	for	her	pc	and	put	it	straight	in	the	laptop	and	it	work	like	normall	?
thanks	people
yes	obviously	the	usb	is	region	free	which	means	you	can	use	it	anywhere	.
and	every	computer	manufactured	in	both	ireland	&	the	uk	are	region	2	aka	pal	.
there	wo	n't	be	a	difference	since	mobile	broadband	is	supposed	to	be	digital	.
but	word	of	advice	if	you	're	get	your	girlfriend	a	laptop	make	sure	it	s	a	good	brand	a	not	something	like	dell	,	acer	,	asus	,	emachines	etc	.
just	a	heads	up	.
yes	of	course	you	can	....
i	have	many	friends	that	have	laptops	bought	in	the	uk	that	use	them	here
if	in	dongle	you	mean	usb	stick	then	yes	usb	sticks	are	the	same	any	were	you	go	:-rrb-	hope	that	answered	your	question	.
how	do	i	take	care	of	my	newborn	baby	fish	?
i	am	nervous	that	my	other	fish	will	eat	them	,	and	i	do	n't	know	what	to	feed	them	!
i	have	counted	around	25	of	them	and	they	currently	reside	in	a	20	gallon	tank	.
you	could	move	all	the	babies	into	a	fry	net	breeder	or	move	all	of	the	bigger	fish	-lrb-	also	the	parents	-rrb-	to	a	different	tank	to	avoid	the	babies	getting	eaten	.
feed	the	babies	3	-	4	times	a	day	with	flakes	.
provide	plenty	of	hiding	places	like	rocks	,	plants	,	etc	in	the	tank	.
it	s	natural	for	some	babies	to	be	eaten	by	adults	and	if	all	of	them	survived	your	tank	would	be	very	overcrowded	.
look	in	the	pet	stores	for	"	fry	food	"	or	"	baby	fish	foods	"	.
what	kind	of	newborn	fish	you	have	?
some	parents	would	not	eat	there	fish	till	a	certain	age	jack	dempsey	for	example	would	not	eat	there	offspring	till	they	mature	but	i	would	move	the	baby	fish	into	a	smaller	tank	and	feed	them	flakes
i	have	a	question	about	mcdonald	's	monopoly	!
please	help	!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
if	you	can	?
ten	points	!!!!!!!!!!?
ok	,	i	know	that	mcdonald	's	has	monopoly	going	on	right	now	.
&	i	wan	na	know	what	food	has	the	game	pieces	.
and	what	food	has	extra	game	pieces	.
because	large	fries	give	you	four	pieces	!
when	most	of	the	food	or	drinks	i	got	only	included	two	!
so	can	somebody	please	list	all	of	the	food	that	includes	the	game	pieces	,	and	the	number	of	game	pieces	you	get	with	that	food	!
please	!!!!!!
the	person	who	best	explains	this	,	and	helps	me	out	the	best	with	my	question	will	be	rewarded	with	ten	points	!!!!!!!
please	help	!!!!!!!!!!!
thank	you	!!!!!!!!!!!!!	:d
scroll	down	and	this	website	shows	each	thing	you	can	buy	-lrb-:
http://www.playatmcd.com/en-us/main/gameboard
4	peels	:
-	20	piece	chicken	mcnuggets
-	large	fries
2	peels	:
-	big	mac
-	10	piece	chicken	mcnuggets
-	medium	fountain	drink
-	mccafe	drink
-	filet	-	o	-	fish
-	hash	browns
-	egg	mcmuffin	,	sausage
-	fruit	&	maple	oatmeal
bearded	dragon	spikes	?
bit	of	a	stupid	question	but	do	the	spikes	/	spines	-lrb-	whatever	you	call	them	-rrb-	on	their	side	and	face	area	ever	go	hard	.
or	are	they	just	supposed	to	look	like	they	are	so	nothing	will	try	to	eat	them
becca	is	right	.
i	v	owned	beardies	for	ovr	3	yrs	and	i	handle	mine	all	the	time	..	they	do	nt	go	hard	lik	eneedle	hard	but	they	ar	nt	pillow	soft	.
they	use	them	to	look	prickly	..	would	you	try	to	eat	a	cactus	[	if	u	had	no	knife	]	i	know	i	would	nt	.
they	puff	out	to	look	bigger	and	badder	and	they	can	scratch	you	a	lil	if	u	r	holding	them	to	tight	:-rrb-
they	re	not	really	hard	.
beardies	are	actually	quite	delicate	.
i	'm	assuming	it	's	to	scare	off	predators	/	like	how	they	will	puff	up	their	neck	spikes	to	make	them	look	bigger	to	predators	or	enemies	.
they	do	nt	hurt	unless	you	r	stupid	enough	to	press	on	them	.
they	just	are	there	as	an	adaptation	.
what	is	a	kimberwick	bit	used	for	?
used	as	a	help	for	horses	that	are	quite	strong	pullers	while	hacking	,	hunting	and	doing	cross	country	.
it	is	a	curb	bit	with	a	ported	mouth	piece	and	some	horses	appreciate	this	to	give	them	more	room	in	their	mouths	for	their	tongues	.
it	is	not	as	precise	as	a	pelham	bit	because	it	only	uses	one	rein	,	though	the	modern	ones	have	two	or	three	slots	on	which	to	put	the	reins	.
the	lower	the	reins	,	the	stronger	the	action	and	the	lower	the	reins	the	stronger	the	action	on	the	poll	too	.
useful	for	younger	kids	who	do	not	have	big	enough	hands	or	the	ability	to	handle	two	reins	independently	.
for	horses	that	are	strong	pullers	.
it	just	gives	you	a	little	leverage	and	curb	pressure	.
it	's	nice	for	horses	that	need	a	little	more	than	a	snaffle	.
i	know	that	's	vague	,	but	it	depends	on	the	horse	.
the	rider	needs	to	have	independent	hands	as	well	,	because	you	do	not	want	to	pull	too	hard	on	a	bit	like	that	.	;-rrb-
how	long	to	save	up	for	a	canon	t3i	?
i	want	to	save	up	for	a	canon	t3i	,	around	750	-	800	+	:-lrb-
i	'm	currently	12	and	i	get	about	20	dollars	a	week	for	lunch	,	sometimes	a	bit	more	,	i	plan	to	save	10	dollars	every	week	:-rrb-
my	birthday	is	in	november	and	i	get	about	....	150	or	more	since	i	hate	my	dad	s	family	..	haha
chinese	new	year	~	300
christmas	~	100
and	yeaa	...
can	someone	cunclude	how	long	it	might	take	me	to	save	up	for	the	canan	t3i	or	some	extra	tips	to	save	/	gain	money	?	:o
hey	,
be	happy	you	get	a	bit	,	many	of	us	never	got	nothing	:-rrb-
there	's	a	canon	eos	t2i	,	with	the	exact	same	sensor	,	just	no	articulating	screen	.
it	's	around	$	100	less	,	which	means	you	get	the	same	camera	but	quicker	!
here	's	a	dslr	buying	guide	-	http://www.the-dslr-photographer.com/2009/11/which-dslr-to-buy/
do	n't	worry	about	it	.
if	you	ca	n't	even	do	basic	math	,	you	'll	never	figure	out	how	to	use	a	dslr	camera	properly	.
hey	kido	u	made	me	smile
does	the	pop	drying	time	slow	down	if	it	not	exposed	to	air	?
it	s	for	a	craft	project	.....	i	want	to	use	it	the	way	u	would	use	icing	....
took	a	bit	of	searching	to	discover	that	pop	is	probably	pop	-	plaster	of	paris	and	yes	plaster	of	paris	will	slow	way	down	if	it	is	not	exposed	to	air	-	in	fact	,	if	you	are	building	up	plaster	-lrb-	"	the	way	you	would	icing	"	-rrb-	to	do	sculpting	,	which	is	rather	uncommon	,	you	keep	the	set	plaster	damp	in	order	to	add	more	unset	plaster	or	you	have	to	wet	the	area	where	you	will	be	adding	plaster	"	mud	"
plaster	of	paris	does	two	things
-	it	chemically	sets	-	gets	warm	to	hot	then	cools	down	and	hard	and
-	it	dries	out	,	losing	the	water	that	is	soaked	into	the	set	structure
for	example	,	a	set	plaster	mold	that	is	to	be	used	for	clay	slip	casting	must	be	dry	-	it	gets	wet	pulling	the	water	out	of	the	slip	-	while	a	set	plaster	mold	used	for	molding	wax	must	be	soaking	or	damp	wet	http://www.mikegigi.com/castgobl.htm#lggobproj
dwarf	hamster	making	too	much	noise	on	wheel	at	night	?
i	'm	getting	a	dwarf	hamster	tomorrow	and	i	was	just	talking	to	my	mom	and	she	said	that	we	have	to	take	out	the	wheel	at	night	because	it	would	disturb	her	sleep	but	i	told	her	no	because	i	said	thei	r	energetic	at	night	at	my	room	is	right	next	door	to	hers	but	i	heard	their	are	wheels	that	do	nt	make	noise	at	all	what	would	be	the	price	of	it	?
i	'm	quite	sure	,	you	do	n't	even	have	to	buy	another	,	all	you	need	to	do	,	is	to	pour	some	oil	on	the	wheel	,	or	even	put	some	rubber	on	it's	edges	,	the	part	that	is	making	the	noise	.
that	might	work
super	pet	silent	spinner	exercise	wheel
our	price	:	$	10.99	to	12.99	petsmart	!
works	well	lasts	long	.
i	have	a	dwarf	hamster	who	hates	his	wheel	and	does	n't	use	it	-
he	makes	so	much	more	noise	,	as	he	plays	and	digs	and	jumps	-lrb-	seriously	-rrb-
wheels	are	relatively	noiseless	-
a	few	squeaks	from	a	wheel	are	better	than	the	full	wrath	of	a	bored	pet	!
change	of	boarding	station	?
how	can	i	change	my	boarding	station	against	the	ticket	i	booked	a	month	back	from	counter	?
my	origin	station	is	howrah	,	but	i	want	to	board	at	asansol	..
does	your	train	pass	asansol	when	starting	from	howrah	?
if	yes	,	you	do	n't	need	to	change	it	because	you	board	later	.
if	no	,	you	'll	have	to	go	to	one	of	the	train	stations	.
in	calcutta	there	is	a	foreigner	's	reservation	office	where	they	speak	english	very	well	.
i	do	n't	remember	near	which	station	it	is	though	.
they	can	help	you	and	it	is	close	to	a	train	station	in	calcutta	so	check	a	few	big	ones	?
even	if	you	do	n't	find	the	foreigner	's	office	you	'll	be	fine	in	the	normal	reservation	office	of	any	big	train	station	.
this	is	where	you	can	get	and	change	express	train	tickets	.
well	if	your	desired	boarding	station	comes	after	more	than	2	or	3	halts	of	the	actual	boarding	point	,	then	the	tc	will	cancel	you	ticket	and	allot	the	seat	to	others	.
so	better	inquire	in	railway	office
contact	the	indian	railways	.
you	might	end	up	as	a	no	show	passenger	.
petsmart	application	?
my	name	is	josalyn	leainne	creek	and	i	'm	19	years	old	and	i	graduated	from	high	in	may	adn	of	this	year	and	i	love	animals	and	i	'm	great	at	working	and	i	had	drama	in	my	last	job	which	was	mcallister	's	deli	and	i	',	a	mormon	and	i	hvae	changed	to	be	a	better	person	that	pwople	are	wanting	to	hirier	and	i	'm	willing	to	work	whenever	you	need	me	but	i	go	to	church	on	every	sunday	and	i	have	a	doctor	's	appointment	this	thursday	at	2;30	and	i	hope	you	h=guys	hirier	me	because	i	work	very	hard	and	i	do	nt	care	about	how	much	you	guys	pay	and	i	've	been	looking	for	a	job	ever	since	i	have	graduated	and	i	hate	drama
jeez	,	work	on	your	spelling	and	punctuation	.
it	makes	a	huge	difference	.
no	one	's	going	to	hire	you	if	you	ca	n't	even	spell	,	especially	if	you	're	a	high	school	graduate	.
cover	letters	and	resumes	need	to	be	perfect	.
no	one	's	going	to	take	you	seriously	if	they	're	full	of	typos	and	whatnot	.
sorry	,	i	would	put	that	application	in	the	round	file	.
nope
canadian	student	visa	,	can	i	used	for	other	schools	?
i	applied	to	get	a	student	visa	to	study	in	canada	,	i	received	one	that	is	valid	until	october	of	2015	.
problem	is	,	for	some	reason	,	the	visa	process	took	longer	than	it	should	,	thus	i	missed	school	this	semester	-lrb-	visa	was	issued	to	me	about	25	days	after	school	started	so	i	could	n't	attend	-rrb-	,	now	i	no	longer	want	to	go	into	that	school	-lrb-	because	they	only	would	accept	me	again	on	september	of	2012	-rrb-	,	i	found	a	school	that	accepted	me	for	may	2012	,	can	i	use	the	same	visa	that	was	issued	to	me	?
or	do	i	need	to	reapply	?
-lrb-	in	the	visa	itself	,	it	does	not	mention	anything	about	which	school	i	m	suppose	to	attend	,	and	problem	is	,	the	embassy	here	in	dc	are	not	too	nice	and	would	never	answer	any	questions	....	-rrb-	any	advice	please	?
visas	and	study	permits	are	administered	by	citizenship	and	immigration	canada	,	and	any	questions	regarding	applications	should	be	directed	to	them	.
so	best	advice	is	to	go	to	the	c&ic	website	and	click	"	contact	us	"	-	http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/index.asp
how	do	you	prevent	a	dwarf	hamster	escaping	from	the	cage	?
i	m	getting	a	dwarf	hamster	tomorrow	and	i	saw	videos	on	youtube	of	them	escaping	and	if	my	hamster	escaped	because	my	mom	will	freak	out	!!!
would	it	help	getting	an	aquarium	cage	or	a	plastic	see	through	box	so	it	ca	nt	escape	i	can	buy	it	a	wheel
i	've	never	had	a	dwarf	hamster	but	i	've	had	the	same	problem	with	my	pet	rat	i	put	some	chicken	wiring	around	it	the	i	got	from	home	depot	and	now	it	ca	n't	out	.
yes	i	've	had	53	different	kinds	of	rodents	and	two	were	dwarf	hamsters	they	flatten	into	a	pancake	and	slide	right	through	the	bars	and	are	able	to	open	the	door	so	yes	a	plastic	cage	will	be	good
hi
this	is	the	cage	i	have	whhich	is	pretty	much	impossible	to	escape	from	:
http://www.petsathome.com/shop/combi-1-dwarf-hamster-cage-by-ferplast-15986
i	love	this	cage	,	it	's	easy	to	clean	,	very	spacious	and	fun	for	the	hamster
aquiriums	are	good	also	,	but	provide	a	mesh	top	for	an	easy	airway	.
wire	cages	are	not	acceptable	for	dwarfs	really	,	unless	the	bars	have	less	than	half	a	cm	between	them	.
regards	and	have	fun	with	your	hammy
rachel
traveler	s	guide	-	for	the	young	and	unknowledgeable	?
i	am	17	years	old	.
i	do	not	get	along	with	my	family	.
i	dislike	this	urban	society	and	want	to	leave	this	whole	enviroment	.
i	am	very	unhappy	here	.
i	do	n't	know	the	best	way	of	doing	it	.
would	it	be	best	for	me	to	finish	college	?
wait	for	18th	birthday	?
i	live	in	london	.
i	want	to	go	travelling	.
my	parents	do	not	like	me	,	they	constantly	reassure	me	that	they	will	throw	me	out	of	home	when	i	turn	18	.
i	do	n't	particularly	want	to	stay	with	them	atm	either	.
but	right	now	it	s	the	most	convenient	thing	to	do	.
anyway	advice	for	travelling	.
what	is	the	best	way	of	doing	it	?
hotels	for	travelling	will	be	expensive	.
anybody	is	open	to	answers	but	i	would	much	prefere	somebody	with	traveling	experience	.
i	want	to	go	all	over	:-rrb-	i	do	n't	have	a	set	route	yet	.
get	a	back	pack	and	sleeping	bag	or	good	warm	blanket	.
wool	is	best	.
light	,	warm	,	but	also	itchy	.
hit	the	road	.
you	can	always	beg	for	spare	change	when	you	get	hungry	.
should	get	some	survival	skills	before	setting	out	on	your	own	.
vietnamese	girl	's	name	,	mayko	?
i	always	thought	mayko	or	meiko	is	a	japanese	name	.
the	canadian	regenesis	actress	mayko	nguyen	has	japanese	connection	or	is	it	her	fake	name	?
right	,	i	could	n't	find	any	proven	source	for	that	.
and	her	last	name	,	nguyen	is	a	typical	vietnamese	family	name	...	anyone	?
certainly	,	nguyen	is	the	one	of	first	names	of	many	people	in	vietnam	,	only	in	vietnam	.
mayko	is	relating	to	the	japanese	.
in	vietnam	,	when	a	baby	was	born	,	they	must	be	named	"	first	name	"	according	to	that	of	their	fathers	.
it	's	principle	except	a	number	of	cases	,	for	example	,	the	babies	are	orphans	or	not	to	have	father	.
e.g	.
full	name	of	the	father	is	:	"	nguyen	thanh	luan	"	===>	full	name	of	the	son	/	daughter	certainly	is	"	nguyen	..........	"	,	for	instance	,	"	nguyen	thi	thuy	lan	"	.
but	if	the	babies	were	born	in	american	so	they	would	named	in	other	way	but	still	remain	"	first	name	"	in	order	to	recall	about	their	origination	.
i	'm	pretty	sure	that	mayko	is	japanese	.
she	is	a	canadian	born	vietnamese	.
i	'm	not	sure	where	her	first	name	is	from	...
i	have	a	splitter	/	filter	between	my	adsl	and	ph	line	?
i	have	2	phones	running	on	the	same	line	and	the	adsl	which	is	connected	to	one	of	the	phones	and	the	filter	,	i	'm	still	getting	a	buzzing	noise	even	when	i	have	disconnected	the	other	phone	without	one	.
why	is	it	stil	doing	this	even	though	i	do	n't	have	the	other	phone	connected	?
woud	it	be	better	if	i	got	another	filter	and	connected	the	other	phone	as	well	?
turn	the	modem	off	and	see	if	the	sound	is	still	there	...	could	be	static	on	the	line	...	if	the	sound	is	still	there	with	the	modem	off	then	the	problem	is	not	the	dsl	....
if	the	trouble	goes	away	with	the	modem	off	,	then	make	sure	that	everything	except	the	modem	is	filtered	,	this	would	include	the	alarm	system	,	fax	machine	,	satellite	boxes	,	phones	,	etc	...
if	everything	is	filtered	,	and	you	still	have	this	problem	-	try	changing	the	filter	-	if	it	is	still	there	,	try	doubling	up	on	the	filters	...
you	need	either	a	filter	for	each	device	except	the	dsl	modem	,	or	a	whole	home	filter	which	filters	all	the	jacks	,	except	the	one	which	the	dsl	modem	connects	.
best	way	to	change	35	mm	film	in	holga	120	whilst	out	and	about	?
i	've	modified	my	holga	120	to	take	35	mm	film	and	i	know	that	you	ca	n't	wind	the	film	back	,	you	have	to	open	the	back	of	the	camera	-lrb-	in	a	darkroom	-rrb-	to	rewind	the	film	.
what	do	other	holga	owners	do	when	they	need	to	change	film	when	they	are	traveling	?
do	you	just	take	a	changing	bag	with	you	?
what	s	the	easiest	thing	?
well	a	changing	bag	would	be	the	easiest	solution	.
it	's	light	proof	and	makes	sure	you	get	no	problems	when	opening	the	camera	.
you	can	work	comfortably	and	make	sure	your	film	is	not	scratched	etc	.
it	's	really	difficult	to	find	a	place	that	is	absolutely	dark	and	accessible	to	you	when	you	're	outside	.
a	changing	bag	folds	neatly	and	does	not	take	much	space	in	your	bag	.
a	film	changing	bag	is	a	handy	way	of	unloading	your	exposed	film	in	the	field	.
many	online	stores	carry	them	,	like	adorama	:
http://www.adorama.com/blcbs.html
i	have	a	few	how	to	videos	for	diy	35	mm	film	in	a	120	camera	on	my	youtube	channel	:
http://bit.ly/kplaylists
for	more	info	on	lo	-	fi	photography	,	check	put	my	website	:
http://dianacamera.com
should	the	statue	of	david	be	censored	?
i	'm	a	sophomore	in	high	school	doing	a	presentation	on	italian	arts	and	my	teacher	is	making	us	censor	the	statue	of	david	.
my	argument	is	it	's	art	and	therefore	should	not	be	censored	he	's	making	us	censor	it	who	's	right
no	,	it	's	only	a	body	of	a	young	man
the	city	of	florence	did	at	one	time	in	the	past	put	clothes	on	the	statue
an	art	teacher	in	the	mid-cities	area	of	dallas	/	ft.	worth	metro	got	fired	because	she	took	an	art	class	on	an	approved	field	trip	with	parental	permission	for	each	student	and	some	hysterical	parent	discovered	that	they	saw	"	nudes	"	in	the	museum	.
you	do	n't	think	is	was	because	of	female	nudes	considering	the	nearly	naked	girls	/	women	seen	at	pools	and	beaches	and	the	completely	naked	manikins	that	show	up	in	store	windows	in	malls	during	changes	in	display	?
no	,	it	was	guys	.
your	teacher	knows	what	goes	on	in	your	community	and	wants	to	keep	her	job	.
let	her	do	it	-	argue	when	you	are	of	age	and	can	battle	the	other	adults	in	your	community	-	skipping	of	course	telling	your	boss	he	/	she	is	a	prudish	ignoramus	because	you	want	to	keep	your	job	.
better	steakhouse	in	philadelphia	?
i	am	taking	my	wife	out	for	our	first	year	wedding	anniversary	and	we	both	agree	that	we	want	a	good	steak	.
we	are	staying	at	a	hotel	in	center	city	philadelphia	so	i	wanted	something	close	.
i	have	spent	the	afternoon	looking	around	from	menu	to	menu	...
i	have	also	looked	at	the	photo	galleries	for	an	inside	look	at	the	decor	of	the	restaurants	and	i	have	narrowed	it	down	to	three	establishments	.
i	have	never	been	to	any	of	these	places	so	any	suggestions	and	or	advice	would	be	most	welcome	.
it	's	narrowed	down	to	butcher	and	singer	,	davio	's	,	and	del	frisco	s	.
thanks	in	advance	for	the	advice	.
sidenote	...	i	am	familiar	with	the	capital	grille	,	barclay	prime	,	the	palm	,	the	prime	rib	,	morton	s	,	ruth	chris	'	,	etc	.
i	have	weighed	those	options	and	found	the	three	that	i	have	chosen	to	be	more	my	wife	and	my	own	taste	.
please	only	reviews	on	the	three	i	mentioned	earlier	.
many	thanks	.
i	am	only	familiar	with	morton	's	and	ruth	chris	.
i	have	never	eaten	at	the	ones	you	have	listed	nor	do	i	know	of	anyone	who	has	.
i	hope	you	get	your	answer	.
anyway	,	have	a	lovely	first	anniversary	!
hamsters	-	will	a	hamster	be	ok	living	in	the	bathroom	?
in	his	cage	in	the	bathroom	?
or	would	the	steam	from	the	shower	be	a	problem	?
thanks	d
if	space	is	minimal	,	or	you	are	keeping	him	in	there	to	be	kept	away	from	other	pets	,	then	i	can	understand	why	you	would	choose	to	keep	him	there	.
there	are	some	things	to	consider	though	...
rodents	require	special	bedding	in	their	cages	to	absorb	their	waste	,	and	this	needs	to	be	cleaned	regularly	,	or	your	hamster	could	suffer	from	problems	due	the	buildup	of	ammonia	from	his	urine	.
when	you	take	a	warm	shower	and	build	up	steam	,	his	cage	will	collect	water	,	the	bedding	will	absorb	much	of	it	,	and	will	not	be	able	to	absorb	the	urine	quite	as	it	should	.
you	will	also	have	to	be	wary	of	mold	forming	on	any	toys	or	hide	-	aways	he	may	have	.
you	also	do	n't	want	it	getting	too	warm	for	him	too	often	.
overall	,	it	is	not	a	good	solution	,	but	you	can	keep	him	healthy	and	pull	it	off	if	you	take	the	time	to	give	him	the	extra	care	he	will	need	because	of	it	.
it	may	be	a	problem	because	the	temperature	is	constantly	changing	.
i	would	personally	put	him	somewhere	else	.
what	is	the	most	interesting	place	to	see	in	south	korea	?
i	'm	planning	my	trip	to	asia	and	s.	korea	is	one	of	the	destinations	.
what	place	or	town	would	be	most	interesting	to	visit	for	european	?
go	to	jeju	island	!
it	's	so	much	fun	over	there	,	and	i	'm	positive	that	you	'll	love	it	!	:-rrb-
if	you	're	going	to	seoul	,	then	you	should	also	visit	a	specific	place	called	,	'	the	namsan	tower	'	!
it	's	a	really	huge	place	over	there	,	and	so	many	visitors	/	foreigners	went	to	put	chains	and	locks	over	there	!
it	's	so	much	fun	!
also	,	do	n't	forget	to	try	out	korea	's	famous	amusement	parks	!	:	lotte	world	,	everland	,	and	carribbean	bay	!
everyone	loves	it	!	^_^
lotte	world	:	http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-x_e2uwt6wpw/tkj_7uvtw6i/aaaaaaaaags/e_hicadypyi/s1600/lotte_world_from_high_up.jpg
-lrb-	it	's	indoors	and	outdoors	!	-rrb-
everland	resort	:	http://v2.cache7.c.bigcache.googleapis.com/static.panoramio.com/photos/original/42661265.jpg?redirect_counter=2
-lrb-	it	's	all	outdoors	and	the	pictures	are	only	a	fourth	of	the	real	everland	!	-rrb-
carribbean	bay	:	http://tong.visitkorea.or.kr/cms/resource/81/188181_image2_1.jpg
-lrb-	an	outside	water	park	!	-rrb-
namsan	tower	:	http://farm3.static.flickr.com/2406/2527255596_db23df940f.jpg
hoped	i	helped	!	^_^
have	fun	in	korea	~
an	island	called	jejudo	/	jeju	island
it	s	really	amazing	there	,	it	ll	blow	your	mind
it	's	almost	like	paradise	there
i	found	an	injured	pure	white	bird	-lrb-	dove	i	guess	?	-rrb-
what	do	i	feed	it	?
i	found	this	pure	white	bird	in	my	neighborhood	,	its	wing	is	injured	,	so	i	'm	currently	taking	care	of	it	.
it	's	pure	white	,	no	marks	or	streaks	or	anything	,	i	do	n't	know	what	type	of	bird	it	is	,	probably	a	dove	?
what	should	i	feed	it	?
is	normal	bird	food	fine	?
-lrb-	because	apparently	my	mom	is	very	picky	,	she	says	the	bird	might	get	sick	if	it	does	n't	eat	the	right	food	-rrb-	is	there	any	specific	food	i	might	find	at	any	pet	shop	?
-lrb-	petco	,	petsmart	-rrb-	.....	thanks	!
doves	are	a	species	of	pigeon	,	they	are	seed	eaters	,	they	do	not	eat	bread	,	or	worms	.
make	sure	that	you	have	a	shallow	dish	of	water	for	it	.
as	they	can	drink	a	lot	.
there	's	these	little	like	bait	worms	at	jack	s	.	petshoppe	.
it	s	jack	s	aquarium	and	pets	i	believe	.	?
anyways	i	feed	them	to	my	road	sometimes	.
like	a	little	container	.
or	buy	small	bait	worms	.
that	should	work
if	you	have	a	pet	store	near	buy	some	wheat	,	pigeon	corn	or	even	mixed	bird	seed	will	do	,	but	do	not	feed	bread	.
how	do	i	get	to	paris	cdg	airport	to	paris	montparnasse	?
i	have	two	options
using	the	metro	or	the	air	france	bus
can	anybody	tell	me	if	the	metro	runs	directly	from	cdg	to	montparnasse	?
if	not	what	transfers	should	i	get	on	?
ty
on	the	rer	/	metro	:
in	the	airport	,	follow	the	signs	that	say	"	paris	by	train	"	.
buy	a	ticket	for	paris	.
this	will	get	you	on	the	rer	b	line	going	into	town	.
stay	on	it	until	the	"	saint	-	michel	notre	-	dame	"	station	.
change	there	to	the	metro	4	line	going	toward	"	porte	d'	orleans	"	.
get	off	at	the	"	montparnasse	bienvenue	"	station	.
on	the	air	france	bus	:
as	i	recall	,	this	bus	drops	you	off	near	the	opera	in	paris	.
you	'll	still	have	to	take	another	bus	or	the	metro	down	to	montparnasse	.
on	the	bus	:	get	on	bus	95	going	toward	"	porte	de	vanves	"	.
buy	a	ticket	from	the	driver	.
stay	on	the	bus	until	the	"	montparnasse	bienvenue	"	stop	.
on	the	metro	:	get	in	the	metro	at	opera	.
take	the	8	line	toward	"	balard	"	until	the	"	invalides	"	station	.
change	there	to	the	13	line	toward	"	chatillon	montrouge	"	and	take	it	until	the	"	montparnasse	bienvenue	"	station	.
what	are	good	b	&	w	software	's	photography	?
what	are	really	good	programs	for	smooth	crisp	black	&	white	editing	?
i	use	gimp	and	it	s	not	cutting	it	,	looks	terrible	.
here	's	one	of	my	shots	in	b	&	w
http://www.flickr.com/photos/adamtolle/6094960940/in/set-72157627535453128/
any	programs	that	you	use	please	list	:-rrb-	thx
you	could	also	try	this	in	gimp	.
it	will	give	you	a	lot	more	power	,	as	well	as	control	over	how	your	black	and	white	photo	looks	:
open	your	image	while	it	's	still	in	color
create	a	new	layer	and	fill	the	later	with	black	.
set	the	layer	mode	to	"	color	"	this	will	make	your	image	blak	and	white	.
click	colors	>>>	levels	and	adjust	each	channel	's	color	values	.
this	will	adjust	the	brightness	and	darkness	of	specific	parts	of	an	image	.
for	more	information	on	the	theory	behind	later	modes	check	out	this	gimp	video	tutorial	:	http://gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/gimp-video-tutorial-how-to-convert.html
for	more	information	on	adjusting	exposure	in	gimp	chef	out	this	gimp	video	tutorial	:	http://gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/how-to-use-gimp-for-beginners-lesson-4.html
hope	this	helps	.
picasa	is	free	and	pretty	good	.
but	best	is	obviously	photoshop	cs5	or	if	you	r	on	a	macbook	there	s	aperture	:-rrb-
depends	what	you	want	from	"	b	&	w	"	...	many	programs	will	use	a	generic	b	&	w	...
try	something	like	photoscape	which	has	different	options	...
cheapest	plastic	surgeons	in	thailand	?
i	want	to	go	to	thailand	to	do	my	boob	job	from	south	africa	but	looking	for	the	cheapest	surgeons	yet	also	good	in	his	artwork	on	a	human	s	body	.
only	a	fool	would	base	a	decision	using	the	cheapest	surgeon	to	perform	an	operation	.
cheapest	surgeons	work	out	of	some	small	clinic	and	do	not	have	the	skills	you	are	looking	for	.	.
do	you	really	want	to	put	your	faith	in	some	clinic	doctor	.
i	know	i	would	n't	.
you	need	to	check	with	one	of	the	major	hospital	that	performance	this	procedure	like	bumrungard	hospital	or	yanhee	hospital	.
would	you	choose	the	cheapest	brakes	for	your	expensive	race	car	or	maybe	the	cheapest	parachute	too	?
sometimes	the	"	cheap	"	comes	expensive	!
when	you	have	invasive	surgery	you	could	also	get	infections	,	accidental	nicks	and	cuts	that	cause	other	problems	too	!
if	they	screw	up	you	could	be	in	worse	shape	than	you	are	now	!
bumrungrad	hospital	does	some	good	work	but	all	hospitals	do	have	their	problems	from	time	to	time	.
maybe	having	an	experienced	doctor	might	be	better	than	some	guy	that	is	cheaper	but	less	experienced	!
http://www.bumrungrad.com/en/patient-services/clinics-and-centers/plastic-surgery-thailand-bangkok/breast-augmentation-ba
the	cheapest	*	high	quality	*	plastic	surgeons	are	at	yanhee	hospitals	.
they	do	outstanding	work	.
check	the	link	for	a	sampling	of	prices	.
my	tom	cat	will	not	eat	meat	just	the	juice	in	the	can	.?
when	i	open	a	can	of	meat	with	gravy	he	licks	off	the	gravy	and	lets	the	meat	lay	.
i	must	through	it	away	.
why	?
if	you	knew	what	kind	of	"	meat	"	they	put	in	canned	cat	food	you	'd	understand	this	.
i	've	had	a	lot	of	cats	who	refused	to	eat	the	canned	food	.
when	you	read	the	label	it	s	easy	to	understand	why	.
i	've	had	cats	for	35	years	and	i	only	feed	them	dry	food	.
they	have	done	very	well	and	like	the	dry	food	better	.
it	had	better	nutritional	value	and	it	s	also	less	expensive	.
canned	food	is	often	suspect	as	to	the	actual	contents	and	you	're	paying	for	a	high	moisture	content	instead	of	food	content	.
there	are	a	lot	of	good	quality	dry	cat	foods	.
read	the	labels	for	contents	.
your	cat	will	adjust	quickly	.
you	'll	also	have	less	spoilage	.
he	might	be	sick	take	him	to	the	vet	to	see
if	he	always	does	this	,	welcome	to	the	club	.
my	oldest	female	and	youngest	male	do	this	-	i	just	grab	the	blender	and	pop	in	some	other	stuff	for	them	like	chicken	liver	-lrb-	cooked	-rrb-	for	the	anemic	one	,	some	arthritis	stuff	for	the	oldest	.
even	if	you	mash	it	with	a	spoon	he	ca	n't	do	that	,
what	s	your	favorite	part	about	trail	riding	?
my	favorite	part	is	going	up	hill	and	cantering	:-rrb-
i	love	how	it	really	depends	on	how	good	a	horse	your	horse	really	is	,	not	how	talented	he	is	.
if	you	took	some	olympic	-	level	horses	on	a	trail	ride	,	they	just	could	n't	do	it	.
they	would	be	too	scared	and	spooky	.
it	does	n't	matter	how	graceful	your	horse	is	,	or	how	high	he	can	jump	,	or	how	well	he	does	a	sliding	stop	.
what	matters	is	how	well	trained	he	is	,	and	how	good	your	bond	it	.
that	is	another	reason	why	i	like	competitive	trail	riding	also	.
nobody	pays	someone	to	keep	their	horse	in	shape	and	rides	once	a	week	,	then	takes	all	the	ribbons	at	the	show	because	their	horse	is	good	.
you	have	to	spend	the	time	training	.
and	i	have	not	met	one	stuck	-	up	trail	rider	!
those	are	just	a	few	reasons	why	i	love	trail	riding	,	competitive	or	not	.
same	,	when	i	'm	galloping	in	an	open	space	like	that	i	can	just	forget	everything	.
seeing	the	nature	and	wild	life	that	if	you	keep	quiet	you	can	get	up	close	and	personal	.
i	have	had	several	close	encounters	with	both	foxes	and	wild	deer	.
also	woodpeckers	were	pecking	in	the	trees	and	i	just	sat	and	watched	.
fascinating	.
10	gallon	nano	reef	ideas	?
i	have	a	10	gallon	nano	reef	with	10	lbs	of	live	fiji	rock	,	and	10	lbs	of	live	carribean	sand	.
i	am	aware	of	the	maintenance	involved	in	keeping	a	tank	this	size	.
i	am	currently	maintaining	a	gravity	level	of	1.024	.
i	have	a	10	gallon	filter	on	it	.
i	also	have	a	powerhead	,	getting	another	soon	.
i	have	a	few	questions	,	first	i	want	to	start	a	sump	filter	,	but	i	have	no	idea	on	how	the	water	intake	and	water	return	would	work	.
how	would	i	need	to	set	a	sump	for	this	10	gallon	?
do	i	need	a	protein	skimmer	or	any	other	equipment	?
thanks
unless	the	tank	has	a	built	in	overflow	box	-lrb-	which	i	'm	certain	it	does	n't	-rrb-	then	you	have	to	get	one	of	those	hang	on	back	overflow	boxes	so	that	you	can	install	a	sump	.
the	piping	would	lead	down	into	your	sump	from	the	overflow	box	.
on	the	other	end	of	the	sump	,	you	would	have	a	small	return	pump	with	a	hose	that	puts	the	water	back	into	your	tank	.
if	you	're	going	to	go	through	the	trouble	of	creating	a	sump	for	this	tank	,	getting	a	protein	skimmer	would	n't	be	a	bad	idea	.
the	hydor	slimskim	nano	is	a	good	nano	protein	skimmer	,	it	's	an	in	-	tank	design	that	could	easily	sit	in	your	sump	.
nook	color	or	nook	tablet	?
from	what	i	understand	they	're	pretty	much	the	same	thing	.
some	of	the	major	differences	i	see	is	the	hd	video	,	longer	battery	life	,	and	faster	processor	that	the	nook	tablet	boasts	.
does	the	tablet	have	a	major	difference	in	speed	compared	to	the	color	?
i	do	n't	want	an	ipad	or	kindle	.
i	just	want	an	e-reader	that	does	a	little	bit	more	than	just	read	.
yes	,	i	know	about	the	kindle	fire	but	that	's	not	what	i	want	-lrb-:	does	it	make	sense	to	shell	out	the	extra	fifty	dollars	?
or	just	purchase	the	color	?
well	i	recently	bought	the	nook	color	,	and	i	have	to	say	that	i	am	very	happy	with	it	.
it	is	like	a	mini	tablet	itself	!
when	i	found	out	them	came	up	with	the	nook	tablet	,	i	was	pretty	disappointed	though	,	because	i	bought	my	nook	color	for	the	same	darn	price	!
so	i	say	you	should	go	for	the	more	updated	nook	tablet	.
i	'm	pretty	sure	it	'll	be	worth	it	.
have	fun	!
judging	by	nook	tablet	's	processor	it	's	supposed	to	be	quite	faster	!
basically	nook	tablet	it	has	more	memory	,	better	battery	life	and	a	better	processor	and	a	microphone	.
http://www.squidoo.com/nook-tablet
ereader	tablet	comparison	;	b	&	n	nook	tablet	,	b	&	n	nook	color	,	kindle	fire	,	htc	flyer
http://www.droidforums.net/forum/droid-news/181335-ereader-tablet-comparison-b-n-nook-tablet-b-n-nook-color-kindle-fire-htc-flyer.html
pubs	in	philadelphia	?
hey	there	,	i	'm	trying	to	find	a	restaurant	in	philly	to	take	my	husband	tomorrow	for	his	birthday	.
he	's	pretty	much	an	"	i	love	american	food	,	good	drinks	on	occasion	,	laid	back	.	"	kind	of	guy	.	;-rrb-
i	want	to	take	him	somewhere	where	there	's	going	to	be	awesome	burgers	/	american	food	,	atmosphere	-lrb-	preferably	a	tavern	/	pub	style	would	be	nice	-rrb-	,	good	service	,	and	all	around	a	great	time	.	=-rrb-
i	'm	looking	for	suggestions	from	anyone	who	knows	the	philly	area	and	the	where	to's	.
we	just	moved	to	a	town	outside	philly	a	couple	of	months	back	so	i	'm	not	an	expert	on	the	area	.
a	little	help	is	always	great	.	=-rrb-
thank	you	or	your	feed	back	.
oh	my	,	you	asked	this	question	at	the	perfect	time	.
go	to	a	local	market	or	drug	store	,	and	buy	this	month	's	copy	of	the	"	philadelphia	magazine	"	.
it	is	all	about	this	very	subject	...	bars	and	food	.
it	lists	places	all	over	the	city	and	suburbs	.
wishing	your	husband	a	happy	birthday	!
if	you	're	looking	for	a	good	burger	,	some	great	fries	-lrb-	they	are	too	die	for	!	-rrb-	,	and	good	drinks	,	go	to	chickie	&	pete	's	!
oh	my	gosh	,	they	are	great	!
if	you	go	,	make	sure	you	order	the	crab	fries	,	you	wo	n't	regret	it	:-rrb-
how	to	start	a	new	fish	tank	?
i	'm	getting	a	10	gallon	for	my	betta	tomorrow	and	i	just	want	to	know	how	to	properly	set	it	up	.
i	'm	still	a	beginner	.
any	and	all	suggestions	on	what	i	need	to	do	and	buy	will	help	.
thanks	.
when	you	get	the	tank	make	sure	you	wash	the	inside	-lrb-	with	plain	water	-rrb-	then	you	wash	the	gravel	-lrb-	with	only	water	too	-rrb-	take	out	all	the	stuff	that	is	floating	on	top	.
add	only	silk	plants	as	plastic	ones	may	tear	up	ur	betta	s	delicate	fins	.
you	add	the	water	and	put	water	conditioner	into	the	water	.
start	up	your	filter	-lrb-	sponge	filters	are	the	best	for	bettas	-rrb-	and	put	in	a	heater	and	set	it	to	anywhere	between	78	-	82	.
wait	about	2	weeks	or	3	and	test	your	water	.
if	everything	is	looking	good	you	may	add	you	betta	to	its	new	home	.
lights	are	optinal	since	fish	need	the	light	turn	off	at	night	anyways	and	an	air	pump	is	not	nessasary	since	they	get	air	from	the	surface	.
ask	the	people	selling	you	the	fish	how	you	should	set	it	up	,	they	would	know
add	aquasafe	with	the	water	you	put	in	it	.
make	sure	the	temperature	is	good	.
do	not	put	your	fish	tank	close	to	the	sun	or	algae	grow	in	your	tank	.
everything	else	should	be	good	.
make	sure	if	you	get	new	fish	that	they	get	along	with	one	another	.
is	it	possible	to	shoot	lazers	out	of	your	wang	?
i	would	like	to	learn	how
i	see	you	re	still	recovering	from	the	accident	.
you	appear	to	be	feeling	better	though	.
that	's	good	.	:-rrb-
only	in	comic	books	and	sci	-	fi	tv	shows	/	movies	...	:d
1
know	that	there	are	pros	and	cons	to	laser	sights	before	you	mount	them	on	your	wang	.
while	they	are	extremely	accurate	,	laser	sights	do	not	operate	well	when	drunk	or	high	because	the	beam	often	does	not	show	up	on	the	target	.
therefore	,	you	must	learn	to	shoot	manually	.
2
mount	laser	sights	on	away	by	removing	the	hand	grip	.
laser	grips	are	the	most	common	for	wangs	.
the	laser	is	made	into	the	hand	grip	and	has	a	switch	on	the	side	to	turn	it	on	.
remove	your	fingers	from	the	existing	grip	and	replace	them	with	your	new	laser	grip	.
you	have	two	adjustment	screws	for	up	and	down	and	right	to	left	positions	.
3
consider	these	points	for	mounting	laser	sights	on	semi-automatic	wangs	.
newer	semi-automatic	wangs	have	a	rail	built	into	the	receiver	under	the	shaft	.
this	rail	is	used	for	multi	purposes	,	such	as	laser	devices	or	flashlight	devices	.
4
prepare	to	mount	the	laser	sight	onto	the	rail	on	the	wang	.
you	have	two	screws	that	attach	the	sight	to	the	wang	.
tighten	these	screws	securely	.
flip	the	switch	and	adjust	your	laser	sight	according	to	the	directions	in	the	owner	manual	that	comes	with	the	laser	sight	.
3	weeks	old	baby	budgie	alone	at	night	?
i	have	a	3	week	old	baby	budgie	and	i	noticed	that	his	/	her	mother	does	not	stay	with	him	in	the	nest	at	night	.
i	have	to	mention	that	i	recently	separated	the	father	into	another	cage	close	to	the	'	nest	cage	'	because	he	and	the	mother	were	fighting	.
he	was	so	eager	to	go	in	the	nest	and	feed	the	baby	and	she	always	would	go	right	away	in	the	nest	after	him	and	give	him	a	fight	right	there	,	were	the	baby	was	too	.
i	thought	it	was	dangerous	for	the	baby	so	i	moved	him	.
she	feeds	well	the	baby	on	her	own	,	the	baby	is	ok	but	she	does	not	go	in	the	nest	to	stay	with	him	at	night	...
what	is	the	problem	?
is	this	a	transitional	period	for	the	baby	...	that	he	/	she	is	left	alone	much	more	time	?
i	have	to	say	that	the	baby	does	not	scream	after	her	of	anything	...	he	/	she	sleeps	.
budgies	are	breast	feeding	birds	and	it	may	be	the	male	is	bisexual	.
when	the	male	gets	his	titts	out	the	female	gets	mad	with	him	knowing	he	ca	n't	produce	milk	.
it	's	fine	-	just	make	sure	that	the	room	the	cage	is	in	is	kept	warm	.
if	the	baby	is	feathered	yet	-	which	i	'm	sure	he	is	mostly	-	he	should	be	fine	.
just	remember	to	make	sure	the	mother	is	properly	caring	for	the	baby	.
ignore	the	answer	above	me	,	btw	!	^_^
can	i	text	from	canada	to	the	united	states	?
ok	maybe	that	is	n't	the	right	question	,	but	my	question	is	can	you	text	from	a	united	states	number	when	you	r	in	canada	,	can	you	send	texts	to	another	united	states	number	?
and	do	you	get	charged	for	it	?
i	m	sorry	if	i	could	n't	say	the	question	right	.
i	hope	somebody	understands	what	i	mean
in	short	yes	.
however	not	in	all	cases	.
if	your	-lrb-	us	-rrb-	provider	has	a	deal	with	a	canadian	wireless	company	,	you	texts	and	calls	will	go	through	.
they	will	,	however	,	cost	a	bunch	.
the	only	way	to	know	for	sure	is	to	call	611	,	or	your	cell	phone	help	line	,	and	ask	.
the	phones	and	networks	are	compatible	,	so	the	only	reason	it	would	n't	work	would	be	if	you	have	,	say	,	a	cheap	cell	phone	company	..
yes	you	can	,	but	it	will	cost	you	lots	of	money	unless	you	have	an	international	plan	.
ye$	you	can	text	in	canada	to	the	u$	on	a	u$	number	.
thi$	$ervice	will	co$t	.
it	varie$	company	to	company	.
you	may	want	to	get	a	temporary	phone	for	your	trip	to	canada	.
is	there	any	other	way	to	communicate	or	do	your	friends	only	understand	text	.
email	usually	free	if	you	use	a	wifi	connection	.
$ometime$	it	is	hard	to	explain	that	you	are	making	an	international	call	and	all	of	the	phone	companie	$involved	what	$ome	of	your	money	.
hope	you	unde$tood	the	me$$age	i	do	have	an	"	s	"	key	on	my	computer	.
i	need	help	with	my	syrian	hamster	!!!?
hi	,	i	bought	my	syrian	hamster	-lrb-	fernando	-rrb-	just	yesterday	and	as	i	was	told	to	leave
him	to	get	to	know	his	new	home	.
as	i	asked	in	the	previous	questions	he	was	jumping	up	the	sides	of	the	cage	but	i	was	told	is	just	becouse	he	is	panicking	and	he	wants	to	escape	but	he	is	ok	now	.
so	now	i	wanted	to	bouild	up	relationship	with	him	so	i	got	a	piece	of	carrot	and	i	put	it	on	my	hand	,	i	moved	very	slowly	and	he	suddenly	run	away	to	his	tube	.
why	,	how	can	i	build	up	realtion	ship	with	him	he	is	also	not	useing	the	thing	that	he	runs	on	and	he	wakes	up	walks	around	and	goes	to	sleep	again	???
please	help	i	m	worried	about	him	!!!
thanks	.
chill	out	!
firstly	,	your	hammie	was	not	stressed	out	,	he	wanted	attention	.
secondly	,	that	is	normal	behavior	as	they	use	the	wheels	in	the	night	.
thirdly	,	just	put	your	hand	in	his	cge	ans	leave	it	their	.
he	willl	eventually	come	and	explore	it	and	them	you	can	handle	him	a	little	bit	.
hope	i	helped	!
give	him	time	.
you	only	got	him	yesterday	.
he	's	probably	still	scared	and	unsure	.
once	he	has	properly	settled	down	,	got	use	to	the	new	smells	and	noises	he	will	be	fine	.
once	he	is	more	comfy	with	his	surroundings	,	then	you	can	start	handling	him	and	getting	to	know	each	other	more	.
but	just	give	him	time	for	now	.
is	fujairah	a	nice	place	to	live	in	?
my	family	and	i	are	planning	to	shift	to	fujairah	in	a	couple	of	years	.
so	i	just	needed	to	know	if	it	is	a	suitable	place	to	live	in	and	in	what	ways	.
also	that	,	i	heard	in	the	next	few	years	fujairah	would	be	as	good	as	dubai	,	is	it	true	?
i	'd	be	happy	if	someone	helps	,	especially	someone	who	has	been	to	fujairah	or	lives	there	.	:-rrb-
i	live	there	!
...	i	ve	been	living	in	fujairah	my	entire	life	and	i	must	say	that	it	is	developing	in	a	good	way	.
i	think	2012	is	going	to	be	a	great	year	for	fujairah	as	we	have	a	lot	of	projects	to	be	done	by	2012	.
things	to	do	in	fujairah	..
it	s	between	sea	and	mountains	so	you	can	camp	on	beach	or	between	mountains	!
...	fishing	,	jet	skies	,	snorkeling	,	diving	are	some	of	the	things	you	can	do	for	fun	.
and	now	they	are	finishing	a	road	between	fujairah	and	dubai	in	45	minutes	only	!
so	,	no	it	is	not	as	good	as	dubai	,	but	it	s	quieter	and	more	peaceful	,	and	you	can	still	go	to	dubai	in	45	mins	.
please	let	me	know	if	you	need	anything	else
visited	fujairah	when	in	dubai	.
nothing	like	dubai	,	and	never	will	be	!
do	n't	know	the	economics	of	fujairah	but	dubai	is	basically	bankrupt	so	you	would	n't	want	to	end	up	like	them	!
unless	you	have	a	particular	skill	they	need	-	and	firm	job	offer	before	going	-	i	would	think	twice	about	it	!
are	there	any	new	gaming	console	?
i	do	n't	know	should	i	buy	ps3	or	x	-	box	kinect	.
or	even	n	-	ds	or	psp	.
i	'm	a	little	afraid	when	i	buy	ps3	or	x	-	box	then	a	newer	version	comes	out	.
-lrb-	same	for	n	-	ds	and	psp	-rrb-
wii	u	has	been	announced	as	well	as	the	ps4	however	the	ps4	is	only	in	development	while	the	wii	u	should	be	out	next	year	.
microsoft	has	not	announced	there	new	console	yet	though	it	is	believed	to	be	in	the	works	.
no	matter	when	you	buy	you	will	get	a	newer	version	.
i	feel	x	-	box	is	a	very	smooth	system	i	own	it	like	3	years	,	it	s	very	compatible	to	previous	versions	and	mostly	important	i	was	very	comfortable	with	the	user	interface	and	the	joystick	....	coz	you	do	nt	wan	a	hold	a	joystick	that	gives	you	discomfort	.
xbox	joys	are	soo	comfyy	.....
performance	-	you	get	the	same	in	all	,	just	get	a	good	tv	.
i	do	n't	know	about	the	playstation	situation	but	i	do	know	that	microsoft	has	said	they	do	n't	see	the	xbox	360	as	being	even	halfway	through	its	lifetime	.
since	they	released	kinect	this	was	kind	of	their	way	of	releasing	a	new	xbox	so	they	do	n't	plan	on	making	another	one	for	a	while	.
i	do	know	they	have	already	announced	a	new	wii	though	and	i	do	n't	know	what	sony	has	said	about	playstation	but	again	,	if	you	get	an	xbox	-lrb-	which	i	personally	think	is	the	best	anyways	-rrb-	you	should	be	set	for	a	while	.
what	is	the	typical	lifespan	of	a	cat	?
my	cat	had	a	seizure	yesterday	and	was	ill	.
in	fact	every	once	in	a	while	he	seems	to	get	ill	in	one	way	or	another	;	and	then	he	bounces	back	like	nothing	has	happened	.
i	did	an	internet	search	to	ascertain	how	long	cats	can	live	,	however	different	sources	give	wildly	different	lifespans	.
my	cat	is	18	years	old	.
in	your	experience	how	long	do	cats	do	cats	typically	live	?
is	he	on	his	last	legs	or	is	it	conceivable	that	he	could	be	around	for	another	15	years	as	is	claimed	by	some	of	the	sources	i	ve	been	looking	at	?
from	my	experience	with	my	cats	13	-	18	years	depending	on	the	breed	.
at	18	years	,	your	cat	has	had	a	long	life	.
indoor	cats	that	are	well	cared	for	typically	live	11	-	15	years	.
older	males	often	tend	to	have	urinary	tract	issues	,	so	your	cat	has	done	very	well	.
male	cats	very	seldom	live	past	14	-	15	years	.
stories	of	cats	living	more	than	25	years	are	rare	.
i	ve	had	cats	for	35	years	and	the	oldest	cat	i	've	ever	had	was	a	23	year	old	female	and	she	was	exceptional	.
by	comparison	,	outdoor	cats	have	a	life	expectancy	of	3	-	7	years	depending	on	how	many	predators	are	in	the	local	environment	.
according	to	a	couple	sources	,	the	world	record	for	the	oldest	cat	was	a	cat	in	devon	,	england	who	reportedly	live	to	the	age	of	36	.
i	knew	a	cat	that	died	in	its	sleep	aged	21	.
anything	after	12	is	a	bonus	.
gaining	and	loosing	my	cockatiel	's	trust	...	?
i	thought	that	i	had	gained	my	cockatiel	's	trust	,	but	now	he	's	not	coming	to	me	when	i	open	his	cage	.
what	do	i	do	?
did	anything	happen	before	losing	his	trust	?
birds	are	hard	to	gain	trust	with	,	but	it	's	lost	so	easily	!
a	simple	hand	gesture	could	have	resorted	to	him	being	afraid	of	you	.
eating	by	his	cage	and	keeping	a	"	sleep	cage	"	in	your	room	is	a	good	idea	.
birds	eat	and	sleep	with	their	flock	,	not	predators	.
keep	his	cage	open	and	go	on	your	computer	,	or	read	a	book	,	etc	and	maybe	he	will	come	out	to	you	.
let	him	go	at	his	own	pace	,	do	n't	rush	with	him	,	and	never	ever	resort	to	physical	violence	with	your	bird	.
this	with	ruin	your	bond	,	and	you	probably	wo	n't	have	another	chance	to	build	one	.
patience	is	the	key	.	=-rrb-
he	might	never	be	a	cuddly	,	loving	,	tame	bird	,	but	you	can	still	have	a	friendly	bond	.
but	then	again	he	could	be	!
dat	bird	is	smart	.
like	my	dogs	,	they	really	like	me	and	trust	me	,	but	when	i	open	the	door	to	get	them	outside	,	they	run	from	me	,	they	know	i	'm	going	to	take	them	outside	and	they	do	n't	like	it	.
the	bird	must	know	that	when	you	open	the	cage	door	it	means	that	you	will	put	him	in	the	cage	,	and	birds	do	n't	usually	like	cages	.
so	,	i	do	n't	think	the	bird	do	n't	trust	you	,	but	still	do	n't	like	the	cage	.
how	to	make	a	breyer	horse	stable	?
hi	i	m	a	big	fan	of	breyer	horses	!
my	breyers	need	stables	or	barns	though	.....	and	i	need	directions	and	materials	on	how	to	make	them	.
i	would	like	maybe	5	stalls	per	barn	so	make	sure	the	stalls	are	not	that	big	so	it	can	fit	.
and	i	need	to	know	where	to	buy	the	materials	.
please	make	this	as	simple	as	you	can	for	my	dad	does	nt	really	not	that	good	.
pictures	would	help	!
note	:	if	i	see	a	answer	that	i	love	i	will	make	my	best	right	there	and	then
breyer	horse	,	miniature	/	model	replica
sketch	out	floor	plan	,	estimate	size	,	draw	front	view	,	side	view	,	and	3d	orthographic	perspective	views	,
figure	out	how	many	stalls	you	want	,	then	measure	square	cube	sections	for	length	and	width	of	horse	,
measure	size	for	platform	,	draw	lines	and	mark	sections	,	measure	out	wall	sections	and	height	,
there	are	many	small	details	,	that	you	would	have	to	work	on	as	you	go	for	doors	and	windows	and	roof	,
check	hobby	shops	and	craft	shops	for	small	pieces	of	stock	wood	panels	and	wood	blocks	parts	,	you	want	carpenter	wood	glue	,	clamps	,	possibly	small	screws	to	hold	corners	together	,	miniature	hinges	,	tape	,	paint	,	saws	,	drills	,	pencil	ruler	,	paper	,	bryer	horses
wood	can	vary	from	cork	wood	or	balsa	wood	,	or	press	-	board	,	or	plywood	,	and	pre-cut	2	by	4	or	slats	,	you	can	check	home	depot	or	hardware	shops	for	larger	pieces	,
http://www.binkyswoodworking.com/horsestable.php
http://www.blueoakstables.com/breyerhorsebarns_barn003.asp
http://www.railroadredux.com/tag/northwest-shortline/
http://www.adventurehobbycraft.com/products/hobby_craft_supplies.html#metal
http://www.natureandtech.com/?page_id=2200
http://www.utrechtart.com/craft-supplies/woodworking%20supplies/
..
how	can	i	get	my	kitten	to	stop	biting	when	he	plays	?
i	have	a	kitten	who	just	turned	3	months	today	.
he	's	a	good	kitty	,	just	when	he	plays	he	bites	really	hard	.
almost	every	day	he	'd	even	wake	me	up	like	5	am	in	the	morning	,	trying	to	bite	my	arm	.
and	when	i	move	it	i	guess	he	figures	i	'm	playing	.	x.x
i	read	somewhere	that	you	have	to	hold	his	mouth	together	,	and	keep	it	that	way	til	he	panics	.
that	seems	cruel	to	me	though	.
any	other	way	??
do	you	think	he	's	teething	?
it	's	getting	out	of	hand	.
yeah	,	i	thought	that	the	holding	his	mouth	thing	sounded	wrong	.
no	worries	,	i	did	n't	try	.
he	does	have	toys	,	a	scratching	post	,	lots	of	mice	,	balls	,	yarn	,	a	feathery	birdy	toy	,	etc	.
he	'd	just	randomly	walk	up	to	you	and	start	the	biting	.
when	i	put	him	off	of	my	bed	,	he	jumps	back	on	and	same	thing	.
he	may	be	teething	but	i	do	nt	think	it	can	be	stopped	.
maybe	buy	him	toys	that	he	can	play	with	that	give	him	a	way	to	use	his	energy	up
yes	do	not	hold	any	animal	s	mouth	shut	it	wil	close	their	air	way	,	he	s	just	a	kitty	and	they	are	very	rambunctious	,	get	him	toys	.
lots	of	them	,	feather	ones	work	best	,	also	when	he	bites	you	in	the	morning	put	him	down	off	your	bed	,	to	show	him	that	you	will	not	tolerate	that	,	he	will	get	it	,	he	s	also	probably	teething	,	so	toys	are	your	best	bet
which	rat	cage	is	better	?
hi	,	i	want	to	get	a	few	pet	rats	and	need	a	rat	cage	.
-lrb-	apart	from	the	wire	flooring	which	i	am	going	to	cover	-rrb-	which	of	these	two	cages	is	better	:
http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/250927098564?var=550057729382&sspagename=strk:mewax:it&_trksid=p3984.m1438.l2649#ht_2079wt_893
http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/130589513308?var=430034792128&sspagename=strk:mewax:it&_trksid=p3984.m1438.l2648#ht_1500wt_660
i	ca	nt	decide	between	height	or	width	.
http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/250927098564?var=550057729382&sspagename=strk:mewax:it&_trksid=p3984.m1438.l2649#ht_
this	one	is	better	for	rats	.
you	always	want	to	go	higher	rather	than	wider	for	rats	.
they	love	to	climb	.
you	will	have	to	cover	the	wire	flooring	like	you	said	,	and	make	fleece	covers	for	the	stairs	,	so	no	ratty	feet	get	caught	and	broken	.
this	cage	will	hold	about	2	-	3	rats	.
both	are	equal	length	so	go	for	the	taller	one	.
if	you	use	this	cage	it	's	best	to	remove	the	wire	shelves	altogether	and	replace	it	with	hammocks	and	the	like	.
i	used	one	of	these	cages	short	term	for	a	pet	and	it	was	n't	that	great	to	be	honest	,	pretty	cheaply	made	,	the	door	springs	are	annoying	and	it	does	n't	last	very	well	.
here	are	some	better	options	imo	:
http://www.equinecaninefeline.com/catalog/mamble-hamster-narrow-100cm-cage-p-12642.html
http://www.equinecaninefeline.com/catalog/abode-large-metal-cage-liberta-free-delivery-p-6679.html
http://www.equinecaninefeline.com/catalog/savic-freddy-cage-free-delivery-p-6750.html
http://www.netpetshop.co.uk/p-19500-savic-chichi-2-chinchilla-rat-degu-ferret-cage.aspx
http://www.justcages.co.uk/ferret-cages/ferplast-furet-plus-ferret-cage#v_431
these	are	all	a	bit	more	expensive	than	your	choice	but	if	you	ebay	search	the	names	you	may	be	able	to	find	one	second	hand	...	better	paying	for	a	second	hand	one	in	good	condition	than	a	poorly	made	new	one	imo	.
the	first	one	is	much	better	!
i	have	this	exact	cage	,	bought	from	the	exact	ebay	user	.
it	s	really	good	and	the	rat	calculater	says	is	big	enough	for	5	rats	,	but	i	would	put	a	maximum	of	4	in	it	really	:-rrb-
is	under	tank	heating	or	side	tank	heating	better	for	a	corn	snake	?
i	was	reading	the	package	for	a	tank	heater	i	bought	for	my	40	gallon	tank	for	my	snake	and	it	said	it	can	be	put	under	the	tank	or	on	the	side	.
i	m	not	worried	about	damaging	the	surface	my	tank	is	on	because	i	can	prop	it	up	off	the	surface	anyway	.
from	my	understanding	,	if	it	s	heated	from	the	bottom	,	my	snake	risks	burning	its	belly	if	it	burrows	and	rests	directly	on	top	of	the	glass	over	the	heater	unless	i	buy	some	of	that	reptile	carpet	to	put	under	the	substrate	,	but	it	has	better	heat	distribution
if	it	s	from	the	side	i	do	nt	have	to	worry	about	propping	it	up	,	but	the	snake	can	still	burn	itself	if	it	slithers	along	the	side	of	the	tank	and	i	also	read	that	it	does	nt	distribute	heat	as	well	?
what	are	your	suggestions	and	opinons	?
i	use	uth's	on	all	of	my	burrowing	snakes	.
they	will	move	if	they	get	too	warm	-	it	's	not	like	a	heat	rock	which	you	should	avoid	at	all	costs	.
i	usually	put	my	own	natural	rock	over	the	uth	and	they	are	perfectly	fine	.
i	have	over	40	corns	,	kings	,	and	milks	and	have	never	had	a	problem	with	the	uth	system	.
on	the	side	is	a	waste	-	leave	it	on	the	bottom	.
good	luck	!
bottom	if	you	are	worried	about	the	snake	burning	itself	put	something	overt	it	like	newspaper	...
i	now	use	a	75	watt	basking	or	heat	bulb	for	mine	and	he	seems	to	like	it
put	the	heater	on	the	snake	he	will	love	it	and	the	the	next	day	you	will	have	dinner
what	are	good	places	to	eat	brunch	at	?	?
my	bday	is	saturday	:-rrb-	and	i	wan	na	have	breakfast	/	lunch	with	my	fam	.
i	was	gon	na	have	a	dinner	party	that	night	but	my	cousin	is	having	having	her	bridal	shower	so	brunch	is	it	but	the	only	places	i	know	are	denny	's	and	ihop	.
oh	and	btw	i	live	in	los	angeles	look	for	places	in	like	the	lb	area	and	torrance	etc	thanx	^_^
i	would	strongly	suggest	"	the	breakfast	club	"	in	chicago	.
you	can	definately	plan	on	a	great	meal	with	reasonable	prices	.
do	n't	be	in	a	hurry	though	.
just	relax	and	enjoy	.
they	have	fabulous	french	toast	too	.
the	breakfast	club	&	grill	is	conveniently	located	just	two	blocks	off	the	kennedy	expressway	.
there	is	always	plenty	of	parking	on	the	street	or	in	our	private	lot	.
if	you	'd	rather	dine	at	home	,	simply	call	in	your	order	with	our	take	-	out	service	.
plenty	of	parking	on	the	weekends	..	during	the	week	please	park	in	the	little	lot	across	the	street	.
directions	from	the	kennedy	:	take	the	ogden	exit	off	the	kennedy	.
go	three	lights	down	and	take	a	right	onto	ogden	.
continue	two	blocks	to	hubbard	and	take	another	right	.
we	're	at	the	corner	of	hubbard	and	noble	.
the	breakfast	club	&	grill
1381	w.	hubbard
chicago	,	il	60622
312-666-2372	tel
email	us
hours	of	operation	:
monday	thru	friday
6:30	am	-	8:00	pm
saturday	&	sunday
7:00	am	-	5:00	pm
happy	hour
monday	thru	friday
4:00	pm	-	6:00	pm
$	4	appetizers
$	4	wine
$	3	coronas	&	heineken
unless	you	plan	on	being	late	for	the	bridal	shower	you	might	want	to	post	this	again	in	the	l.a.	section	.
question	about	the	sinking	of	the	titanic	?
after	the	sinking	of	the	titanic	in	1912	,	was	there	a	law	made	so	that	ships	would	carry	enough	lifeboats	to	save	everybody	on	a	ship	if	it	was	sinking	?
if	yes	,	was	canada	involved	in	this	act	/	law	?
sorry	,	i	'm	just	very	nervous	after	watching	the	movie	.
solas	-lrb-	safety	of	life	at	sea	-rrb-	,	which	is	an	international	maritime	treaty	,	came	about	in	response	to	the	tragedy	of	the	titanic	.
today	,	it	is	the	primary	safety	law	affecting	virtually	all	ships	,	regardless	of	country	of	registration	.
if	you	ever	go	on	a	cruise	ship	,	you	will	be	required	to	attend	a	solas	muster	drill	-lrb-	lifeboat	drill	-rrb-	within	24	hours	of	sailing	.
most	ships	perform	this	drill	before	even	leaving	the	dock	.
solas	covers	just	about	every	aspect	of	safety	at	sea	,	including	minimum	safety	equipment	,	practices	,	and	standards	,	lifeboats	,	navigation	practices	,	fire	protection	,	and	so	on	.
we	are	much	safer	today	on	board	ship	due	to	solas	,	and	i	suppose	if	any	good	came	out	of	the	titanic	tragedy	,	the	adoption	of	solas	is	probably	it	.
http://www.caribbean-cruising.net
--------------------------------------------------
edit	:	also	i	forgot	to	mention	earlier	,	most	-lrb-	if	not	all	-rrb-	cruise	ships	also	practice	lifeboat	drills	weekly	,	and	it	is	not	uncommon	to	see	them	to	actually	launch	the	lifeboats	into	the	water	as	part	of	their	drill	when	you	are	in	port	.
this	not	only	ensures	the	lifeboats	are	operational	and	will	work	if	needed	,	but	makes	the	crew	proficient	at	launching	them	.
i	do	n't	think	so
do	n't	worry	.
when	was	the	last	time	you	heard	about	a	ship	sinking	?
100	years	ago	?
what	are	some	fun	things	i	could	do	while	in	japan	?
i	'll	be	in	okinawa	for	about	a	week	so	i	was	wondering	what	are	some	fun	things	i	could	do	?
i	'm	a	20	year	old	female	travelling	by	myself	so	it	could	be	anything	.
besides	the	obvious	tourist	spots	which	i	already	have	planned	for	.
how	is	the	night	life	in	naha	?
are	there	any	good	venues	that	showcase	underground	bands	,	or	just	a	venue	at	all	?
it	does	n't	have	to	be	underground	it	could	be	any	type	of	music	.
thanks
the	best	thing	you	can	do	in	okinawa	is	to	go	to	a	beach	.
otherwise	,	you	can	do	what	you	can	do	in	other	parts	or	japan	,	like	shopping	,	eating	,	etc	.
or	you	can	visit	temples	or	shrines	in	okinawa	.
well	first	you	can	try	speaking	japanese	.
go	to	a	sumo	tournament	.
eat	at	a	conveyor	-	belt	sushi	restaurant	.
climb	mount	fuji	.
okinawa	is	quite	different	from	the	rest	of	japan	,	although	of	course	there	are	similarities	.
the	main	thing	people	do	there	is	go	to	the	beach	.
there	's	the	market	in	naha	,	which	is	great	.
you	can	find	all	sorts	of	fresh	food	and	get	a	really	delicious	,	fresh	sashimi	/	sushi	lunch	upstairs	.
try	the	local	sake	too	if	you	can	.
it	's	a	special	kind	.
i	'm	not	sure	that	there	's	much	nightlife	in	naha	.
it	's	more	of	a	place	to	go	to	enjoy	the	weather	,	the	sea	,	etc	.
you	might	have	to	make	your	own	nightlife	by	finding	an	izakaya	-lrb-	pub	-rrb-	somewhere	.
your	best	bet	would	probably	be	to	get	a	copy	of	the	lonely	planet	japan	book	and	read	the	chapter	on	okinawa	.
naha	's	not	a	very	big	city	.
modern	m	16	vs	vietnam	m	16	version	?
i	was	playing	a	video	game	that	has	a	m	16	vietnam	model	,	and	in	the	game	it	's	3	-	shot	burst	.
my	brother	said	they	only	had	full	-	auto	and	semiautomatic	during	vietnam	.
my	questions	are	..
1	-rrb-	what	the	s	difference	between	a	modern	m16	and	vietnam	m	16	?
2	-rrb-	did	vietnam	m	16's	have	a	3	-	shot	burst	function	?
to	save	money	robert	mcnamara	ordered	that	the	ammunition	for	the	new	m	-	16s	being	sent	to	sea	in	the	early	60s	use	an	older	-lrb-	dirtier	-rrb-	type	of	gunpowder	meant	for	use	with	the	m	-	14	.
he	also	ordered	that	the	receiver	not	get	a	-lrb-	i	think	chrome	-rrb-	coating	that	helped	keep	the	gun	from	jamming	.
than	the	troops	being	issued	the	weapon	were	told	it	was	self	-	cleaning	,	which	it	was	n't	.
as	a	result	there	was	a	problem	with	the	weapon	jamming	.
once	the	troops	started	cleaning	the	weapon	properly	-lrb-	even	with	the	dirtier	powder	-rrb-	the	vietnam	era	m	-	16	turned	out	to	be	a	good	weapon	for	the	purpose	it	was	being	used	for	.
the	screw	-	up	was	the	kind	of	things	you	have	happen	when	you	have	bean	-	counters	-lrb-	and	mcnamara	was	nothing	if	not	a	bean	-	counter	-rrb-	instead	of	soldiers	in	charge	of	the	military	.
today	's	weapons	do	not	have	that	kind	of	problem	,	and	are	much	more	reliable	.
1	-rrb-	modern	m	16	is	alright	.
vietnam	m	16	used	to	clog	up	and	never	work	.
2	-rrb-	all	m	16's	are	either	automatic	or	semi	automatic	.
no	one	uses	3	burst	.
you	play	too	much	cod	;p
modern	m	16	is	best
planning	on	going	to	new	zealand	in	january	.
is	it	ok	to	holiday	in	christchurch	since	the	earthquakes	?
are	the	hotels	back	up	and	running	?
are	there	still	aftershocks	?
planning	on	going	to	north	and	south	island	.
is	it	safe	to	go	to	rotarua	,	since	the	earthquakes	?
rotorua	is	fine	.
i	'm	assuming	this	was	in	reference	to	the	january	earthquake	,	do	n't	worry	,	it	was	very	deep	,	so	nothing	was	effected	:-rrb-
as	for	christchurch	,	yes	the	aftershocks	are	still	happening	,	but	these	are	fairly	small	-	you	can	feel	them	,	but	the	do	n't	do	any	damage	.
since	lots	of	people	are	still	living	there	,	then	it	must	be	fine	to	visit	.
however	the	cbd	is	closed	of	to	the	public	as	a	lot	of	it	is	still	rubble	and	stuff	and	has	n't	been	cleared	away	yet	.
i	'm	sure	that	you	can	find	some	hotels	that	are	running	in	the	christchurch	area	,	but	if	not	then	there	would	be	some	in	close	by	towns	.
despite	the	aftershocks	i	would	recommend	going	to	christchurch	,	just	for	the	experience	and	then	you	can	see	first	hand	how	things	get	effected	by	earthquakes	.
have	fun	in	new	zealand	!!
-lrb-	ps.	i	'm	assuming	you	'll	stop	off	in	wellington	,	and	since	it	s	summer	,	may	i	recommend	kaffee	eis	ice	creams	and	gelatos	?
just	recently	discovered	them	last	time	i	was	down	there	,	they	're	very	nice	-rrb-	www.kaffeeeis.co.nz
loads	of	places	have	geographical	hazards	,	if	you	are	constantly	paranoid	,	you	'll	never	get	anywhere	without	a	sense	of	adventure	.
in	case	of	an	earthquake	,	stay	under	a	sturdy	table	and	do	n't	go	outside	as	possible	debris	will	fall	.
yes	it	's	ok	.
yes	,	yes	and	yes	.
nothing	wrong	with	rotorua
help	?!
what	size	horse	do	i	need	?
i	m	around	5	'	2	-	5	'	4	,	11	years	old	and	i	m	wondering	what	size	horse	i	'll	need	that	i	wo	nt	grow	out	of	quickly	?
thanks
louise
i	would	say	it	really	depends	on	your	riding	ability	,	what	disciplines	you	are	interested	in	doing	,	or	plan	on	doing	,	etc	.
but	i	would	go	for	the	base	number	of	15	hh	.
it	's	"	tall	"	being	it	's	bigger	than	a	pony	,	but	it	's	on	the	small	end	for	a	horse	.
i	got	my	horse	when	i	was	12	and	i	was	already	5	'	9	-	5	'	10	,	thankfully	i	stopped	growing	when	i	hit	5	'	11	"	but	my	horse	is	about	16.2	or	16.3	hh	,	tb	.
so	do	n't	be	afraid	to	get	something	a	little	bigger	than	"	perfect	"	just	in	case	you	hit	a	growth	spurt	.
a	taller	horse	does	n't	always	mean	a	horse	you	ca	n't	handle	.
keep	that	in	mind	.
also	keep	in	mind	whether	you	want	to	be	able	to	jump	up	from	the	ground	,	if	you	even	need	to	,	etc	.
you	just	want	to	be	sure	you	can	groom	and	saddle	sufficiently	and	the	horse	itself	is	calm	enough	so	that	whatever	size	it	is	,	you	can	handle	it	.
i	'm	5	'	3	-	4	"	and	am	21	well	will	be	in	nov	and	my	horse	is	14.2	hh	and	she	's	perfect	size	for	me	i	can	hop	right	on	with	no	mounting	block	.....	only	with	a	saddle	though	haha	i	ca	n't	bareback	,	not	yet
if	you	do	n't	want	to	grow	out	of	it	quickly	get	a	14	'	2	..
anything	smaller	you	will	grow	out	,	anything	bigger	will	be	too	big	and	difficult	to	control	and	manage	,	especially	when	riding	.
hope	i	helped	:-rrb-
where	in	the	world	is	iguazu	?
iguazu	falls
widely	considered	to	be	one	of	the	most	spectacular	waterfalls	in	the	world	,	the	iguazu	falls	on	the	border	of	argentina	and	brazil	,	are	a	certainly	must	see	attraction	in	the	area	.
the	centre	of	the	falls	is	known	locally	as	'	garganta	del	diablo	'	-lrb-	the	devil	's	throat	-rrb-	,	where	the	huge	volume	of	water	sends	a	constant	mist	of	spray	into	the	air	.
with	the	sun	shinning	down	on	the	spray	,	creating	a	rainbow	in	the	foreground	,	this	is	the	perfect	place	to	get	that	trademark	iguazu	falls	photograph	.
however	,	save	some	of	your	shots	for	the	rest	of	the	falls	,	as	in	total	there	are	around	270	cascades	that	spread	out	over	nearly	2	miles	of	the	iguazu	river	.
the	iguazu	falls	are	easily	accessible	and	,	dependent	on	your	time	restrictions	and	budget	,	you	can	get	to	the	area	by	either	bus	or	plane	.
the	nearest	towns	to	the	site	are	puerto	iguazu	in	argentina	,	about	12	miles	from	the	falls	,	and	foz	do	iguacu	in	brazil	,	which	is	equally	close	.
both	towns	have	airports	that	are	served	regularly	from	the	larger	cities	such	as	sao	paulo	,	rio	de	janeiro	and	buenos	aires	.
the	bus	is	obviously	the	cheaper	option	,	and	travelling	up	from	buenos	aires	the	trip	is	a	full	20	hours	,	although	the	buses	are	very	comfortable	with	spacious	reclining	seats	.
the	bus	trip	down	from	sao	paulo	is	a	similar	affair	taking	around	18	hours	.
foz	on	the	brazilian	side	is	the	larger	town	,	however	both	are	geared	up	to	cater	for	visitors	to	the	waterfalls	and	national	parks	,	and	so	offer	a	range	of	accommodation	for	all	budgets	.
for	those	with	a	larger	appetite	for	the	scenery	and	a	larger	budget	,	there	are	some	hotel	complexes	much	closer	to	the	action	with	views	of	parts	of	the	falls	.
paris	or	england	while	studying	aboard	?
i	am	going	to	try	and	study	aboard	but	idk	where	i	can	go	i	can	not	decide	where	do	you	think	would	be	the	best	place	to	go	?
where	would	you	go	?
i	have	never	been	anywhere	out	side	my	home	town	charlotte	north	carolina	please	help	!!!!
definitely	london	-
you	speak	the	language	and	will	have	more	fun	.
the	french	tend	to	look	down	on	the	americans	and	treat	them	bad	.
london	is	a	deliteful	city	to	visit	and	easy	to	get	around	.
you	will	be	able	to	have	a	good	time	there	.
%
as	you	're	from	the	states	you	'll	have	much	more	fun	in	london	.
parisians	dislike	americans	for	their	lack	of	speaking	french	and	proper	french	manners	.
i	was	told	to	leave	a	restaurant	because	i	ordered	water	with	my	meal	-lrb-	apparently	this	is	"	washing	down	"	your	food	"	-rrb-	and	not	ordering	wine	.
you	'll	need	to	have	intermediate	french	to	have	a	good	time	in	paris	.
however	,	outside	paris	everybody	is	wonderful	.
nobody	likes	the	parisians	,	even	then	parisians	do	n't	like	parisians	.
south	france	is	wonderful	,	right	on	the	mediterranean	.
it	's	beautiful	and	the	people	are	extremely	friendly	.
i	used	to	live	in	london	for	6	months	and	it	's	by	far	one	of	my	favorite	places	to	be	in	the	world	-lrb-	i	've	been	to	45	countries	in	5	years	-rrb-	.
everything	about	the	place	is	magical	and	the	people	are	mostly	friendly	.
however	,	if	you	're	allowed	another	option	and	you	want	a	small	-	town	feel	,	then	head	to	edinburgh	,	scotland	.
i	lived	there	for	8	months	.
if	your	french	is	good	/	moderate	,	then	head	to	paris	without	a	doubt	.
i	also	highly	recommend	staying	with	a	french	family	.
i	did	this	at	age	13	in	champagne	,	france	and	it	was	the	most	amazing	experice	of	my	upbringing	.
does	the	bta	have	to	be	paid	first	to	come	to	canada	?
there	is	no	such	thing	as	a	bta	.
that	is	a	term	invented	by	online	romance	scammers
http://www.country-couples.co.uk/datingtips/basic-travel-allowance-bta-dating-scam/
"	second	only	to	flight	money	,	the	basic	travel	allowance	-lrb-	bta	-rrb-	is	the	scammer	s	highest	paying	income	.
also	known	as	the	personal	travel	allowance	,	traveller	s	allowance	fee	,	traveller	s	assistance	fund	,	traveller	s	assurance	fund	and	numerous	other	forms	of	"	i	have	to	have	wodges	of	your	cash	or	they	wo	n't	let	me	fly	"	.
let	's	get	this	over	with	now	.
there	is	no	such	thing	any	more	,	anywhere	,	it	's	an	online	dating	scam	.	"
http://www.romancescam.com/forum/viewtopic.php?t=7231
"	there	is	no	such	thing	as	basic	travel	allowance	!!
please	remember	:	there	is	no	such	thing	.
there	is	no	such	requirement	,	in	any	country	of	the	world	.
this	is	an	invention	of	the	scammers	.	"
a	single	call	to	cic	will	confirm	there	is	no	such	thing	as	a	bta	to	canada	and	anyone	asking	for	this	is	a	scammer	http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/contacts/index.asp
just	pray	that	you	have	not	ever	given	this	criminal	enough	information	for	your	identity	to	be	stolen	-	your	full	name	,	birthdate	,	home	address	,	etc	or	that	you	were	not	conned	into	sending	money	.
this	person	is	not	coming	to	visit	you	-	the	whole	point	of	this	scam	is	to	gain	your	trust	enough	to	steal	your	money	and	identity
contact	the	anti-fraud	centre	to	report	this	http://www.antifraudcentre-centreantifraude.ca/english/home-eng.html
no	.
bta	only	exists	in	the	mind	of	scammers	.
100	%	scam	.
cut	of	all	contact	and	tighten	up	your	pc	security	.
there	is	no	such	thing	as	a	bta	or	"	basic	travel	allowance	"	-	this	is	100	%	a	scam	-	as	the	first	poster	said	,	cut	off	any	and	all	contact	with	this	person	-	they	are	not	who	or	what	they	are	claiming	to	be	.
the	below	site	from	the	us	government	verifies	this	-	it	's	the	same	for	canada	,	too	.....
http://nigeria.usembassy.gov/scams.html
how	can	i	make	my	jack	dempsey	reproduce	?
i	have	a	mature	male	and	female	they	are	together	a	lot	but	never	laid	eggs	as	far	as	i	know	can	anyone	help	me	figure	out	how	to	make	them	mate
he	's	the	issue	,	you	are	trying	to	"	make	"	them	mate	.
this	is	like	trying	to	make	2	people	get	married	.
it	does	n't	work	.
first	you	need	a	compatible	pair	.
sounds	like	your	2	at	least	tolerate	each	other	,	so	there	is	hope	there	.
then	the	need	to	be	mature	,	that	is	,	old	enough	,	and	big	enough	to	breed	.
this	may	be	around	1	/	2	of	their	full	adult	size	,	probably	4	-	5	"	for	those	guys	.
then	the	environment	.
large	tank	,	no	annoying	tankmates	,	perfect	water	conditons	and	really	good	feeding	.
the	difference	is	what	they	need	to	live	,	vs	what	's	ideal	for	them	.
get	that	right	,	and	they	will	mate	when	they	are	ready	.
you	ca	n't	make	them	mate	,	you	can	only	encourage	them	.
ian
jack	dempseys	are	not	an	easy	cichlid	to	breed	.
most	of	the	time	one	is	more	interested	in	breeding	than	the	other	.
bredders	take	the	one	that	in	not	very	interested	and	put	it	alone	in	a	breeeding	tank	for	3	-	5	days	.
the	tank	should	have	a	hide	space	big	enough	for	one	fish	,	or	a	few	of	them	,	but	at	least	1	cave	big	enough	for	two	fish	to	fit	in	.
the	p	h	should	be	6.5	-	7	.
now	feed	the	one	in	the	breeding	tank	as	much	bloodworms	,	blackworms	and	/	or	earthworms	as	it	can	eat	for	3	-	5	days	.
then	add	the	other	mate	.
they	may	not	respond	right	away	and	they	may	fight	so	ther	smaller	one	can	fit	in	one	of	hide	spaces	if	it	gets	attacked	.
when	the	male	s	aggressive	behavior	stops	,	it	is	ready	to	spawn	.
the	two	lay	their	eggs	inside	the	cave	you	made	for	them	.
turn	the	water	temp	up	to	82	degrees
please	help	with	my	cat	s	bladder	issue	?
i	have	a	1	1	/	2	year	old	female	calico	.
when	she	was	spayed	the	vet	had	a	hard	time	because	she	only	has	one	uterine	horn	and	he	said	this	could	mean	she	only	has	on	kidney	.
recently	she	has	been	peeing	a	lot	.
i	'm	talking	soaking	all	the	litter	box	and	then	some	.
she	is	also	peeing	around	the	box	and	somehow	it	gets	underneath	.
i	do	n't	have	the	money	to	take	her	to	a	vet	right	now	but	it	's	getting	to	be	an	issue	.
i	have	to	scrub	the	floor	2	-	3	times	a	week	now	.
what	could	be	the	issue	and	can	i	try	some	home	remedies	first	?
i	love	her	and	want	to	help	her	but	i	do	n't	know	when	i	'll	be	able	to	take	her	to	to	vet	:-lrb-	please	help	.
first	of	all	,	i	am	very	sorry	to	hear	you	're	having	this	issue	with	your	cat	.	:-lrb-
frequent	urination	is	a	sign	of	several	things	.
bladder	or	urinary	tract	infections	are	two	common	ones	,	but	these	usually	are	frequent	visits	,	with	small	amounts	of	urine	being	passed	.
if	there	is	blood	in	the	urine	,	or	the	cat	seems	to	be	in	pain	,	then	that	is	also	a	good	indicator	.
but	your	cat	is	passing	a	lot	of	urine	,	and	this	is	bad	.
given	the	chance	your	cat	may	only	have	one	kidney	,	i	would	think	the	worst	case	scenario	would	be	kidney	disease	,	which	untreated	can	lead	to	possible	renal	failure	.
signs	of	this	can	be	hard	to	spot	,	and	if	this	is	true	in	her	case	she	will	definitely	need	to	see	a	vet	.
vomiting	,	bad	breath	,	and	listlessness	.
seizures	will	occur	when	the	toxins	that	the	kidney	normally	filters	out	are	released	into	the	blood	stream	.
i	know	you	are	very	worried	,	but	getting	her	to	the	vet	is	the	best	thing	you	can	do	for	her	.
in	the	meantime	make	sure	she	had	plenty	of	water	available	to	her	.
i	want	to	apply	for	canada	skilled	immigeration	program	.
i	got	only	63	points	while	67	minimunm	is	requirement	.?
can	i	apply	with	63	points	?
according	to	the	citizenship	and	immigration	canada	web	site	at	http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/immigrate/skilled/assess/index.asp	,	it	states	"	note	:	you	must	meet	the	minimum	requirements	for	your	application	to	be	eligible	for	processing	.	"
however	...	that	same	web	page	also	states	that	"	the	current	pass	mark	is	67	.
the	pass	mark	could	change	.
you	should	check	for	updated	information	on	a	regular	basis	.	"
the	skilled	worker	category	was	my	first	attempt	at	permanent	residency	.
and	between	the	time	i	began	my	research	and	the	time	i	applied	,	the	minimum	score	did	change	once	.
unfortunately	,	both	minimums	were	above	my	score	.
but	i	got	lucky	because	i	qualified	under	another	category	to	become	a	permanent	resident	.
so	keep	checking	at	least	on	a	weekly	basis	.
good	news	...	i	found	a	web	page	run	by	canadian	immigration	lawyers	at	http://www.canadavisa.com/canadian-immigration-faq-skilled-workers.html	.
here	is	what	they	posted	there
"	4	.	may	i	qualify	under	the	skilled	worker	category	even	if	i	score	less	than	67	points	?	"
"	if	the	canadian	immigration	visa	officer	believes	that	the	point	total	does	not	accurately	reflect	your	ability	to	become	economically	established	in	canada	,	the	canadian	immigration	visa	officer	may	use	his	or	her	positive	discretion	-lrb-	referred	to	as	substituted	evaluation	-rrb-	and	approve	your	application	even	though	you	score	less	than	67	points	.	"
read	the	full	answer	at	that	web	page	for	conditions	.
sure	you	can	apply	.
the	points	system	acts	as	a	guide	to	sort	out	the	best	candidates	.
your	application	is	still	evaluated	on	a	number	of	criteria	,	not	all	of	them	as	"	cast	in	steel	"	as	the	points	.
go	ahead	,	send	in	your	application	.
note	to	ben	.
67	is	the	minimum	score	,	anything	below	that	is	filed	in	the	"	circular	file	basket	"	.
why	have	a	"	minimum	"	if	it	is	going	to	be	ignored	?
jim	b
toronto	.
i	'm	mad	and	do	n't	know	what	to	do	!
please	help	!?
alright	,	so	my	dad	had	been	wanting	me	to	check	my	e	mail	for	a	few	days	but	i	never	got	around	to	it	.
-lrb-	i	just	thought	he	wanted	me	to	see	one	of	those	chain	letter	things	again	-rrb-	so	i	fineally	checked	it	,	and	it	was	an	e	mail	from	southwest	airlines	telling	me	the	flight	dates	for	out	family	trip	to	florida	!!!
i	got	so	excited	!!!!
it	said	it	was	in	january	but	still	!!!!
so	i	kept	reading	and	then	i	saw	the	dates	,	it	was	from	mid	day	friday	and	arriving	home	mid	day	monday	.	:-lrb-
then	i	think	i	just	kind	of	stopped	smiling	and	just	kind	of	sat	there	looking	at	the	dates	.
-lrb-	we	live	in	pennsylvania	btw	-rrb-	i	'm	mad	and	upset	now	!
do	n't	get	me	wrong	i	want	to	go	,	but	for	2	days	-_-	i	mean	seriously	.
we	are	taking	a	3	hour	flight	down	to	a	fancy	island	in	florida	and	staying	only	2	days	.
****	sigh	****	not	trying	to	sound	snooty	or	stuck	up	but	i	mean	really	!
can	someone	please	make	me	feel	better	about	this	trip	!!!!
a	least	you	r	going	.!
enjoy	those	2	days	it	better	then	not	going	at	all	.!
and	it	will	be	fun	2	days	cause	you	will	busy	going	to	a	lot	of	beautiful	places	,	i	can	afford	to	go	so	be	happy	you	have	the	money	to	go	.	:d
well	,	i	mean	,	you	do	n't	have	to	be	mad	about	it	.
at	least	you	get	to	go	to	florida	in	january	.
and	,	having	only	two	days	makes	you	realize	what	you	have	with	your	family	.
"	nothing	gold	can	stay	"	,	honey	.
enjoy	it	while	you	can	,	and	then	if	your	family	enjoys	it	you	can	go	again	for	a	longer	period	of	time	.
if	they	do	n't	like	it	,	it	'll	only	be	two	days	,	remember	?
hope	you	have	a	crapload	of	fun	!
-lrb-	in	a	good	way	...	-rrb-
what	is	italian	high	renaissance	?
have	a	look	at	this	,	it	may	help	.
1	-rrb-	the	italian	renaissance	began	the	opening	phase	of	the	renaissance	,	a	period	of	great	cultural	change	and	achievement	in	europe	that	spanned	the	period	from	the	end	of	the	13th	century	to	about	1600	,	marking	the	transition	between	medieval	and	early	modern	europe	.
the	term	renaissance	is	in	essence	a	modern	one	that	came	into	currency	in	the	19th	century	,	in	the	work	of	historians	such	as	jacob	burckhardt	.
although	the	origins	of	a	movement	that	was	confined	largely	to	the	literate	culture	of	intellectual	endeavor	and	patronage	can	be	traced	to	the	earlier	part	of	the	14th	century	,	many	aspects	of	italian	culture	and	society	remained	largely	medieval	;	the	renaissance	did	not	come	into	full	swing	until	the	end	of	the	century	.
the	word	renaissance	-lrb-	rinascimento	in	italian	-rrb-	means	"	rebirth	"	,	and	the	era	is	best	known	for	the	renewed	interest	in	the	culture	of	classical	antiquity	after	the	period	that	renaissance	humanists	labelled	the	dark	ages	.
these	changes	,	while	significant	,	were	concentrated	in	the	elite	,	and	for	the	vast	majority	of	the	population	life	was	little	changed	from	the	middle	ages	.
2	-rrb-	the	expression	high	renaissance	,	in	art	history	,	is	a	periodizing	convention	used	to	denote	the	apogee	of	the	visual	arts	in	the	italian	renaissance	.
the	high	renaissance	period	is	traditionally	taken	to	begin	in	the	1490s	,	with	leonardo	s	fresco	of	the	last	supper	in	milan	and	the	death	of	lorenzo	de'	medici	in	florence	,	and	to	have	ended	in	1527	with	the	sacking	of	rome	by	the	troops	of	charles	v	.
this	term	was	first	used	in	german	-lrb-	hochrenaissance	-rrb-	in	the	early	nineteenth	century	,	and	has	its	origins	in	the	"	high	style	"	of	painting	and	sculpture	described	by	johann	joachim	winckelmann	.
[	1	]	over	the	last	twenty	years	,	use	of	the	term	has	been	frequently	criticized	by	academic	art	historians	for	over-simplifying	artistic	developments	,	ignoring	historical	context	,	and	focusing	only	on	a	few	iconic	works	.
[	2	]
hope	it	helps	!
i	'm	american	and	i	am	going	to	the	uk	for	the	first	time	,	what	should	i	expect	?
i	just	need	to	talk	to	an	another	american	who	has	gone	to	the	uk	before	so	that	i	know	what	expect	when	arriving	at	the	airport	and	with	going	through	visa	process	and	everything	.
do	you	get	your	visitor	s	visa	immediately	at	the	airport	?
i	was	told	that	americans	automatically	get	a	six	months	visitor	s	visa	.
do	you	have	to	go	through	a	medical	exam	right	away	?
drug	test	?
blood	test	?
or	do	i	just	show	them	passport	and	walk	through	the	gates	?
i	have	talked	to	some	people	that	say	that	a	medical	exam	is	an	invasion	of	privacy	and	other	say	it	s	a	routine	thing	when	entering	another	country	.
i	honestly	have	no	idea	what	to	expect	or	prepare	for	and	calling	in	to	get	professional	advice	from	either	of	the	embassies	costs	by	the	minute	-	which	i	really	do	n't	have	the	money	for	.
i	'm	really	worried	cause	i	have	no	idea	who	to	talk	to	and	want	everything	to	go	smoothly	.
an	american	passport	should	get	you	right	into	the	country	,	there	is	no	need	for	a	visa	,	for	six	months	.
there	is	no	medical	exam	or	blood	test	or	others	like	that	.
you	do	not	need	to	call	the	embassies	to	get	professional	advice	.
http://travel.state.gov/travel/cis_pa_tw/cis/cis_1052.html
above	is	the	link	to	the	department	of	state	travel	website	,	which	will	give	you	all	the	info	that	you	need	,	including	passport	information	.
it	is	free	.
i	never	stayed	more	than	two	weeks	at	a	time	when	i	visited	the	u.k	.
you	should	be	fine	with	just	a	passport	,	unless	you	're	staying	longer	than	six	months	.
you	should	double	check	with	the	necessary	embassy	before	you	leave	though	.
i	am	not	sure	how	well	you	planned	this	trip	.
you	'll	have	a	great	time	,	so	no	worries	there	.
i	visited	london	,	edinburgh	,	and	st.	andrew	s	so	far	,	and	i	was	treated	very	well	and	with	great	kindness	.
just	treat	everyone	else	as	you	would	want	to	be	treated	,	and	you	'll	be	fine	.
that	tactic	never	failed	me	.
what	would	you	get	if	you	cross	a	sussex	male	and	a	silkie	female	?
i	had	a	sussex	male	and	a	pekin	female	i	bought	2	silkies	what	would	the	sussex	female	and	the	silkie	females	would	make	?
if	you	had	any	pics	of	your	hens	i	would	like	to	see	them	to	compare	them	to	mine	thanks	?
a	sussex	crossed	with	silkie	would	make	a	crossbred	*	mutt	*	chicken	.
there	are	a	lot	of	genetics	at	play	between	a	sussex	and	silkie	,	so	the	offspring	would	vary	in	appearance	.
you	do	n't	say	what	color	silkie	or	sussex	you	are	dealing	with	so	i	ca	n't	say	what	color	your	chicks	would	be	likely	to	be	.
however	,	i	can	say	what	features	they	would	/	could	have	.
feather	type	.
silkies	have	hookless	feathers	.
sussexs	have	soft	feathers	.
all	offspring	from	this	cross	will	have	soft	feathers	,	as	hookless	feathers	are	a	recessive	gene	.
skin	color	:	silkies	have	black	skin	color	,	which	is	dominate	.
sussex	have	white	skin	which	could	be	recessive	or	dominate	.
either	way	rec.	and	dom.	white	genes	dilute	the	black	gene	.
skin	will	be	darker	but	lighter	then	the	silkies	.
beards	/	muffs	:	if	your	silkie	has	a	beard	/	muff	the	offspring	could	have	a	beard	as	well	,	as	these	genes	are	incomplete	dominate	.
feathered	feet	/	shanks	-	chicks	could	have	feathered	feet	/	shanks	as	this	is	also	incomplete	dominate	.
crest	:	chicks	could	also	develop	a	small	crest	due	to	this	being	another	incomplete	dominate	gene	.
comb	type	:	silkies	have	walnut	combs	which	is	actually	genetically	two	comb	types	-lrb-	rose	and	pea	-rrb-	single	is	also	there	,	but	is	recessive	.
so	crossed	to	a	sussex	you	could	get	a	walnut	,	pea	,	rose	,	or	single	combed	bird	.
five	toes	:	silkies	have	five	toes	.
sussex	have	four	toes	.
crossed	together	-lrb-	five	toes	is	incompletely	dominate	-rrb-	chicks	could	develop	to	have	an	fifth	toe	on	both	,	or	even	one	foot	.
silkie	crosses	are	great	birds	,	and	very	neat	looking	.
hens	make	excellent	mothers	as	they	are	bigger	,	can	see	better	,	and	are	smarter	the	silkies	.
best	wishes	,
jamie	/	rhoderunner
i	took	some	photos	of	my	model	girlfriend	with	my	nikon	d7000	.
what	do	you	think	of	these	photos	?
http://i.imgur.com/s2md2.jpg	http://i.imgur.com/t2zff.jpg	http://i.imgur.com/xytex.jpg	i	took	some	photos	of	my	model	girlfriend	with	my	nikon	d7000	-lrb-	see	links	above	-rrb-	.
what	do	you	think	of	these	photos	?
the	lighting	was	not	the	best	,	but	the	pics	turned	out	ok	in	my	opinion	.
deleting	a	question	where	you	do	nt	like	the	answer	wo	n't	get	you	better	answers	...	i	refer	to	my	previous	answer	:
you	need	to	learn	about	white	balance	,	composition	,	angle	,	and	work	on	using	the	camera	properly	...
[	edit	-	and	she	most	be	very	new	to	modeling	,	because	she	does	look	unsure	of	her	poses	-rrb-
lol	,	he	has	posted	this	so	many	times	today	already	.
clearly	he	s	mad	that	people	know	he	took	her	pic	off	the	net	and	it	's	not	his	gf
not	bad	,	but	too	many	distracting	elements	for	my	taste	.
for	example	:
in	the	photo	on	the	couch	,	the	pillow	she	is	resting	on	clashes	with	everything	else	in	the	shot	.
there	are	also	some	distracting	background	elements	like	the	light	fixture	and	what	looks	like	a	door	handle	on	the	left	.
in	the	standing	photo	-lrb-	from	the	front	-rrb-	there	is	a	corner	of	a	rug	creeping	in	,	some	kind	of	box	in	the	lower	right	corner	and	what	looks	like	a	power	cord	.
in	the	shot	from	the	back	,	the	crumpled	bottom	of	the	curtain	is	pretty	noticeable	as	well	as	the	power	outlet	.
compositionally	,	this	one	is	not	my	favorite	,	i	would	suggest	trying	a	different	crop	because	i	do	nt	think	cutting	her	off	at	the	calf	looks	great	.
i	do	like	the	shadow	,	though	.
my	suggestion	is	to	pay	close	attention	to	what	's	going	on	in	the	background	and	if	possible	,	stand	on	a	chair	,	get	on	the	ground	,	do	whatever	you	need	to	do	to	get	rid	of	distracting	elements	.
using	a	fairly	wide	aperture	is	also	helpful	in	blurring	out	unwanted	background	elements	.
i	've	had	a	few	great	shots	ruined	myself	because	there	was	something	in	the	background	i	did	n't	notice	at	first	.
what	are	some	unique	customs	in	ireland	?
as	far	ask	i	'm	aware	our	most	unique	custom	would	be	the	"	country	wake	"	.
in	all	my	travels	i	've	never	seen	anything	like	it	and	am	often	met	with	an	odd	look	when	i	explain	them	to	foreigners	.
after	a	person	dies	,	their	remains	are	"	waked	"	in	their	home	for	roughly	2	-	3	days	.
in	this	time	visitors	will	come	to	the	house	,	pay	their	respects	to	the	desisted	and	their	family	and	have	a	couple	of	cups	of	tea	with	a	sandwich	or	a	bun	.
the	wake	also	included	the	night	sit	were	friends	and	family	sit	up	through	the	night	with	the	remains	.
wakes	are	common	both	north	and	south	of	the	boarder	with	protestants	and	catholics	alike	.
but	only	really	in	the	countryside	.
the	only	notable	difference	i	have	noticed	is	that	in	the	south	of	ireland	one	night	of	the	wake	is	often	held	in	the	chapel	the	night	before	the	funeral	,	this	tradition	started	after	the	civil	war	.
another	unique	custom	-lrb-	and	a	dying	one	at	that	-rrb-	is	the	pioneers	.
the	pioneers	was	an	organization	started	at	the	end	of	the	19th	century	which	pushed	and	supported	the	ideal	of	temperance	-lrb-	abstaining	from	alcohol	-rrb-	,	in	an	attempt	to	deal	with	the	massive	issue	of	alcoholism	that	ireland	was	gripped	by	.
pioneers	take	a	pledge	to	remain	tee	-	total	and	at	the	hight	of	the	organization	popularity	,	had	an	estimated	two	million	members	even	filling	croke	park	on	the	25th	anniversary	.
i	my	self	am	one	but	appreciate	that	the	organization	is	unlikely	to	make	into	the	22nd	century	.
the	orange	order	and	the	12th	of	july	marches	would	be	argued	by	some	not	to	be	an	irish	custom	but	unarguable	ticks	every	criteria	to	be	considered	one	.
the	marches	on	the	12th	of	july	are	only	really	attended	by	protestants	in	the	ulster	but	in	spite	of	the	are	the	largest	attended	paraded	in	ireland	.
barn	brack	and	the	ring	.
the	irish	customs	we	have	in	our	family	are	;	we	make	sinnel	cake	for	easter	,	barn	brack	and	col	-	cannon	for	halloween	.
christmas	cake	for	christmas	day	.
do	animals	see	images	on	a	tv	screen	like	humans	do	?
do	animals	see	images	on	a	tv	screen	like	humans	do	?
i	'm	unsure	of	this	,	because	once	i	watched	a	commercial	of	cat	food	with	my	cat	and	she	did	n't	react	to	seeing	another	cat	on	tv	.
i	heard	that	a	company	-lrb-	here	is	a	link	:	http://news.yahoo.com/nestl-purina-releases-commercial-aimed-dogs-183443091.html	-rrb-	is	trying	to	make	a	dog	food	commercial	aimed	at	dogs	,	complete	with	squeaky	chew	-	toy	sounds	,	and	high	pitched	sounds	that	humans	ca	n't	hear	.
as	far	as	i	understand	,	this	ad	will	get	dogs	excited	,	but	my	question	is	:	can	dogs	actually	see	the	images	featured	in	the	advert	like	humans	?
also	,	can	animals	remember	images	on	tv	like	us	,	humans	?
if	so	,	then	does	that	mean	that	if	you	watched	a	scary	movie	and	your	dog	/	cat	/	parrot	was	in	the	same	room	as	you	they	will	also	get	scared	?
i	would	n't	know	--	i	do	n't	particularly	like	scary	movies	,	and	i	have	n't	tried	this	with	my	pet	.
although	,	i	do	n't	think	that	scary	movies	will	affect	pets	for	a	long	time	;	i	am	sure	they	'll	forget	sometime	--	or	am	i	wrong	?
so	what	about	t.v.	?
do	dogs	enjoy	watching	t.v.	?
well	,	t.v.	is	a	series	of	flickering	pictures	that	are	streamed	together	to	make	a	moving	picture	.
the	pictures	are	broadcast	at	a	rate	of	about	60	hz	,	which	is	how	fast	they	need	to	move	for	us	to	see	them	as	a	moving	,	flawless	picture	.
to	a	dog	,	watching	t.v.	is	a	lot	like	watching	and	old	scratchy	silent	film	because	their	flicker	fusion	seems	to	occur	at	a	rate	of	70	to	80	hz	.
so	they	see	the	pictures	flicker	slower	and	there	for	it	seems	choppy	to	them	.
so	chances	are	that	if	your	dog	likes	to	watch	t.v.	,	it	's	probably	because	of	the	sounds	.
hearing	is	a	dog	's	secondary	sense	,	and	i	will	discuss	that	in	another	blog	entery	.
yes	they	do	.
i	m	pretty	sure	that	they	do	see	things	on	the	tv	screen	because	my	cat	chases	things	around	the	tv	screen
how	much	should	i	be	looking	at	for	horse	transportation	?
i	need	one	horse	transported	to	shows	throughout	the	2012	show	season	,	and	the	location	is	about	3	hours	away	from	where	i	live	.
the	place	where	i	'm	boarding	is	not	likely	to	want	to	take	me	this	far	,	and	i	do	not	have	any	ways	of	hauling	him	myself	.
so	i	want	to	hire	someone	-lrb-	or	multiple	people	-rrb-	to	transport	me	to	these	shows	.
if	they	ask	how	much	i	'm	willing	to	pay	,	what	is	a	good	price	range	?
i	saw	a	site	that	charges	$	0.70	per	mile	.
is	that	reasonable	?
impossible	to	say	,	but	i	guess	you	would	have	to	work	out	fuel	consumption	for	the	particular	vehicle	that	they	are	using	and	pay	a	proportion	of	that	,	and	some	on	top	for	the	driver	's	time	and	effort	,	unless	you	are	able	to	share	transport	with	another	or	more	,	that	would	keep	the	costs	down	.
remember	that	you	get	what	you	pay	for	.
three	hours	is	n't	far	,	but	you	are	doing	multiple	shows	.
some	people	are	willing	to	take	your	horse	,	but	they	really	have	old	trailers	that	are	not	the	safest	in	the	world	.
rusted	,	torn	corners	in	the	stalls	,	unhealthy	air	,	straight	load	instead	of	slant	load	can	all	make	travelling	hard	,	if	not	downright	dangerous	,	on	your	horse	.
i	had	my	horse	transported	from	ca	to	wa	and	he	came	on	this	big	,	open	stock	trailer	.
he	was	dehydrated	when	he	got	there	and	lost	weight	.
since	then	,	i	now	use	a	professional	horse	hauling	service	with	people	who	ride	with	my	horse	to	keep	an	eye	on	him	,	stop	every	few	hours	for	water	,	and	their	trailers	all	have	super	smooth	suspension	.
all	horses	i	've	had	delivered	to	me	since	then	are	happy	and	healthy	when	they	arrive	.
i	would	call	bob	hubbard	transport	and	get	a	quote	.
even	though	you	may	not	want	to	use	them	,	it	will	give	you	some	idea	of	what	it	might	cost	and	what	is	fair	.
see	link	below	.
make	sure	the	trailer	service	you	use	is	bonded	/	insured	and	knows	something	about	first	aid	.
do	they	have	this	anywhere	?
i	want	to	take	a	cruise	around	the	world	.
i	mean	literally	around	the	world	if	possible	.
first	of	if	i	went	alone	on	a	regular	cabin	how	much	would	you	estimate	it	would	be	just	a	guess	.
second	is	there	any	way	to	sort	of	customize	the	places	you	wan	na	go	to	?
like	you	can	pick	the	destinations	?
but	if	not	just	say	no	but	i	hope	there	is	like	one	out	there	somewhere	.
1	.	here	's	a	site	that	lists	world	cruises	including	prices	.
http://www.cruisecompete.com/specials/regions/world/1
prices	listed	,	however	,	are	usually	based	on	two	people	in	a	cabin	,	and	you	will	likely	face	some	high	"	single	supplement	"	costs	in	addition	.
-lrb-	two	people	in	a	cabin	will	spend	more	onboard	,	so	cruise	lines	charge	you	more	to	sail	alone	.
you	may	be	able	to	do	better	on	the	rates	if	you	request	competitive	quotes	via	cruisecompete	-rrb-	.
2	.	short	of	chartering	your	own	ship	and	crew	,	i	do	n't	see	any	way	you	could	customize	your	own	itinerary	.
good	luck	!
various	world	cruises	from	most	of	the	major	cruise	lines	,	typically	100	days	in	duration	.
travelling	on	your	own	you	would	have	to	pay	double	as	cabins	are	sold	on	the	basis	of	double	occupancy	.
no	possibility	to	customise	ports	of	call	.
prearranged	about	18	months	in	advance	as	the	cruise	lines	sell	segments	all	along	the	way	i.e	transatlantic	to	london	-lrb-	england	-rrb-	,	england	to	barcelona	-lrb-	spain	-rrb-	,	barcelona	to	alexandria	-lrb-	egypt	-rrb-	,	egypt	to	india	via	suez	canal	etc	.
yes	there	are	multiple	around	the	world	cruises	,	mainly	offered	by	the	more	upscale	lines	.
however	:	you	will	pay	as	if	there	are	2	people	in	the	cabin	,	even	if	it	is	just	you	.
so	any	price	you	find	,	double	it	figure	,	$	40	k	at	least	.
and	no	you	can	not	customize	an	itinerary	unless	you	book	several	different	legs	of	a	cruise	with	stops	in	between	on	shore	..	say	book	a	panamal	canal	crossing	,	then	fly	to	asia	and	pick	it	up	again	and	sail	to	india	then	fly	to	europe	to	sail	the	med	before	flying	to	england	to	hit	the	transatlantic	corssing	.
was	the	san	francisco	bay	area	mostly	caucasian	back	in	the	early	1970s	?
no	.
there	has	been	a	large	asian	presence	in	the	sf	bay	area	for	a	long	time	--	the	chinatown	here	was	the	largest	population	of	chinese	outside	of	china	,	there	were	lots	of	japanese	who	'd	been	displaced	during	wwii	.
the	whole	western	addition	and	a	large	portion	of	the	haight	was	black	.
the	mission	was	basically	latin	-	american	.
as	the	southeast	asians	and	philipinos	came	over	,	they	added	to	the	cultures	.
so	,	the	bay	area	has	been	fairly	mixed	ethnically	for	a	long	time	--	caucasians	may	have	seemed	to	be	a	large	populous	but	that	's	because	most	tourists	back	then	were	caucasian	and	many	of	the	hippies	were	caucasians	so	that	's	who	the	photographers	took	pictures	of	.
the	other	ethicities	were	n't	well	represented	in	politics	yet	--	or	rather	,	they	were	just	breaking	the	color	barrier	in	the	70's	due	largely	to	the	more	open	-	minded	hippy	generation	.
marin	county	was	predominantly	caucasian	and	many	of	the	expanding	outer	east	bay	areas	started	out	as	white	suburbs	.
it	was	not	so	long	after	civil	rights	laws	against	discrimination	started	to	have	an	impact	.
you	never	saw	black	muni	drivers	,	asian	police	,	latino	politicians	until	then	.
it	was	an	evolution	.
many	illegals	were	not	counted	in	the	population	until	the	mid-80s	.
we	did	not	have	big	percent	of	chinese	migration	until	the	mid	90s	.
we	had	fewer	people	running	across	the	mexican	border	then	.
we	had	fewer	social	benefits	at	that	time	for	people	so	many	immigrants	were	not	counted	.
only	caucasians	had	any	political	power	,	corporate	presence	or	owned	businesses	except	for	mom	and	pop	stores	in	some	neighborhoods	.
san	francisco	was	settled	in	the	19th	and	20th	century	by	mainly	european	immigrants	except	for	some	asian	workers	who	were	manual	laborers	.
there	has	always	been	a	mexican	-	american	cultural	influence	since	calif	was	owned	by	mexico	.
we	had	a	larger	black	population	in	the	70s	than	we	have	now	but	they	did	not	have	any	power	until	willie	brown	was	elected	.
san	francisco	was	always	progressive	and	welcoming	and	tolerant	to	all	kinds	of	people	historically	.
the	counties	outside	san	francisco	were	more	white	than	san	francisco	in	the	70s	.
edit	:	my	memory	may	not	be	good	so	you	might	get	a	more	accurate	answer	from	someone	else	who	remembers	the	time	.
can	rabbits	and	chickens	live	together	?
i	am	thinking	about	getting	a	rabbit	as	a	pet	,	but	my	parents	said	that	it	has	to	stay	outside	.
we	also	own	two	chickens	that	are	kept	in	a	run	behind	out	garage	/	barn	thing	.
there	is	already	a	little	dog	house	that	i	would	turn	into	a	little	rabbit	hutch	being	kept	back	there	and	i	was	thinking	about	keeping	the	rabbit	in	the	run	with	the	chickens	,	but	keeping	the	chickens	in	the	coop	and	the	rabbit	in	the	hutch	at	night	.
however	,	in	the	day	time	would	it	be	okay	for	the	rabbit	to	hop	around	along	with	the	chickens	?
we	feed	the	chickens	scraps	of	veggies	and	fruits	throughout	the	day	,	but	it	's	nothing	that	a	rabbit	would	n't	be	able	to	digest	just	fine	.
so	,	can	rabbits	and	chickens	live	together	as	long	as	they	have	separate	places	for	their	food	and	water	?
-lrb-	the	rabbit	hutch	would	have	an	opening	only	big	enough	for	the	rabbit	,	the	chickens	would	not	be	able	to	get	to	the	rabbit	food	-rrb-	also	,	is	it	okay	if	the	rabbit	occasionally	sneaks	a	few	bites	of	chicken	feed	?
my	last	rabbit	did	that	a	few	times	,	and	he	was	fine	...
i	just	wan	na	make	sure	:-rrb-	thank	!
yes	,	but	be	sure	that	your	chickens	are	all	hens	-lrb-	i	mean	not	roosters	-rrb-	,	roosters	may	attack	rabbits	or	anything	they	see	moving	,	so	be	aware	of	that	,	hens	are	friendly	with	almost	all	kinds	of	pets	!
from	my	experience	hens	-lrb-	not	roosters	-rrb-	are	very	friendly	with	duck	,	guinea	pigs	,	kittens	,	cows	,	rabbits	,	etc	.
be	sure	not	to	feed	your	rabbits	non-veg	items	!
you	said	they	live	in	different	cages	and	they	are	free	in	day	,	so	no	problem	,	do	n't	put	both	of	them	in	one	cage	because	rabbits	bedding	is	different	than	that	of	hens	,	wet	bedding	can	cause	diseases	in	them	!
so	,	do	n't	put	both	of	them	in	one	cage	.
good	luck	!
yea	i	guess	but	rabbits	a	easily	escape	a	pen	or	another	rabbit	could	get	in	there	and	that	rabbit	could	be	the	opposite	gender	.
so	be	very	careful	and	some	feeds	could	be	toxic	to	rabbits	and	safe	for	chickens	.
rabbits	do	burrow	also	so	do	n't	be	surprised	if	chicken	are	falling	into	holes	.
rabbits	are	delicate	and	can	get	diseases	so	watch	out	for	that	.
melting	brass	did	not	work	?
my	friends	and	i	are	trying	to	melt	bras	to	make	some	little	figures	.
we	have	made	a	furnace	as	such	,	we	took	a	clay	flower	pot	with	a	hole	in	the	bottom	put	a	piece	of	steel	pipe	in	the	middle	of	it	with	a	cap	on	the	bottom	,	filled	the	pipe	with	brass	scrap	,	surounded	the	pipe	with	charcoal	lit	it	off	and	pumped	air	through	the	hole	in	the	pot	,	everything	got	red	hot	but	did	not	melt	.
what	am	i	doing	wrong
i	would	recommend	to	start	with	something	more	simple	like	tin	,	pewter	,	aluminum	or	zinc	,	they	all	have	a	much	more	reasonable	melting	point	.
i	'll	just	echo	both	other	answers	.
molten	brass	is	damn	hot	and	usually	it	's	pressurized	gas	and	forced	air	or	oxygen	.
even	if	you	did	melt	it	,	i	doubt	you	foresaw	the	issues	of	handling	it	and	pouring	it	.
it	's	really	too	advanced	for	a	beginner	,	both	in	tooling	and	safety	.
just	the	zinc	fumes	will	get	you	,	if	you	do	n't	take	precautions	.
pewter	is	perfect	for	what	you	are	doing	,	and	it	melts	on	a	stove	top	.
i	would	recommend	to	start	with	something	more	simple	like	tin	,	pewter	,	aluminum	or	zinc	,	they	all	have	a	much	more	reasonable	melting	point	.
brass	has	an	even	higher	melting	point	than	bronze	and	i	would	think	your	charcoal	just	does	n't	get	hot	enough	.
i	bet	you	also	did	take	charcoal	as	it	is	used	for	barbecue	which	does	not	get	as	hot	as	real	coal	-lrb-	e.g.	for	blacksmithing	one	needs	coal	,	not	barbecue	charcoal	-rrb-	.
i	have	done	a	fair	amount	of	metal	casting	,	but	never	tried	to	build	my	own	furnace	,	but	i	think	your	version	is	just	too	small	and	does	n't	get	hot	enough	.
i	have	melted	small	amounts	of	bronze	in	a	crucible	with	a	large	propane	torch	-lrb-	much	larger	than	the	plumbers	torch	,	but	it	can	be	run	of	those	propane	cylinders	you	can	buy	for	a	gas	grill	-rrb-	.
i	melt	brass	and	cast	it	http://www.mikegigi.com/castgobl.htm
brass	melts	at	just	under	2000	f	which	is	a	bright	yellow	heat	,	not	red	hot	.
http://www.mikegigi.com/techspec.htm#selctemp
you	might	be	able	to	make	a	version	of	your	setup	work	,	but	it	would	take	quite	a	bit	of	charcoal	and	a	lot	of	forced	air	.
i	use	propane	with	a	blower	and	a	burner	i	built	http://www.mikegigi.com/meltmetl.htm	and	http://www.mikegigi.com/firehole.htm
should	all	uk	towns	and	their	cafes	or	restaurants	provide	halal	food	?
some	friends	of	mine	visited	dartmouth	in	devon	whilst	on	holiday	last	summer	.
they	could	not	find	any	cafes	or	food	shops	that	provided	halal	prepared	foods	.
it	s	important	to	their	religion	that	they	only	consume	halal	food	.
even	if	you	buy	a	cake	in	a	baker	s	you	can	not	be	too	what	happens	in	the	kitchen	,	for	example	the	cake	may	have	been	sliced	using	a	knife	used	for	preparing	ham	.
it	s	simply	not	just	a	case	of	avoiding	pork	,	alcohol	and	only	being	allowed	to	eat	halal	prepared	meat	,	but	the	kitchen	and	its	utensils	should	not	have	been	used	for	prohibited	foods	.
places	like	dartmouth	are	supposed	to	be	tourist	towns	and	should	provide	foods	for	people	of	all	religions	.
we	all	enjoy	buying	a	snack	when	visiting	a	town	or	attraction	while	on	holiday	.
not	everyone	wants	to	bring	packed	lunch	.
it	s	not	fair	if	some	people	have	to	go	without	buying	food	because	no	place	will	provide	suitable	food	for	them	.
i	think	it	s	only	fair	that	nowadays	every	town	should	provide	at	least	one	halal	cafe	or	restaurant	and	hopefully	one	day	every	british	catering	establishment	will	be	halal	.
when	i	went	to	bosnia	,	all	the	meat	was	halal	.
i	will	not	eat	halal	meat	,	so	guess	what	,	i	opted	for	foods	which	were	n't	a	meat	dish	,	there	were	plenty	of	other	options	.
i	could	not	go	to	their	country	and	demand	they	slaughter	and	sell	an	animal	as	meat	the	way	i	prefer	to	eat	it	.
when	you	go	to	another	country	,	you	live	by	their	way	of	life	and	their	laws	,	if	you	do	n't	like	it	,	you	know	how	to	get	back	out	the	country	-lrb-	but	i	guess	our	benefits	system	is	too	much	to	throw	away	,	huh	-rrb-	.
cafes	and	restaurants	rarely	use	the	same	cutlery	for	different	food	groups	anyway	,	they	normally	have	blue	for	bakery	items	,	red	for	cooked	meat	,	brown	for	raw	meat	,	etc	-	all	for	food	preparation	and	hygiene	policies	.
no	.
to	prevent	animal	cruelty	,	many	countries	forbid	halal	and	kosher	meat	.
switzerland	is	one	,	and	the	netherlands	are	passing	the	same	law	.
it	will	become	eu	law	in	a	couple	of	years	.
we	ca	n't	dictate	what	business	wants	to	open	where	.
if	someone	thinks	there	is	a	business	opportunity	then	they	will	start	opening	halal	only	places	.
how	to	convince	my	parents	to	let	me	get	a	ball	python	?
they	do	n't	know	anything	about	ball	pythons	.
when	i	ask	my	mom	she	says	she	will	never	let	a	snake	in	her	house	.
she	has	no	experience	with	snakes	and	has	never	held	one	.
i	did	all	my	research	and	am	well	prepared	to	keep	one	,	i	'm	14	by	the	way
lay	some	knowledge	on	them	dude	.
maybe	if	they	see	how	much	time	and	effort	you	've	devoted	to	researching	the	animal	they	'll	reconsider	.
tell	them	it	costs	like	8	dollars	a	month	-lrb-	if	even	that	much	-rrb-	to	keep	it	fed	.
be	helpful	around	the	house	to	show	that	even	if	you	ca	n't	pay	for	it	yourself	that	you	re	willing	to	work	for	it	.
once	you	've	buttered	them	up	a	bit	try	to	get	them	to	the	pet	store	and	ask	one	of	the	employees	to	handle	the	snake	showing	your	mom	how	gentle	and	harmless	they	can	be	.
maybe	even	try	to	get	your	mom	to	hold	it	a	bit	.
my	wife	was	terrified	of	snakes	when	we	first	met	,	i	introduced	her	to	one	out	my	baby	corn	snakes	and	she	fell	in	love	with	it	.
be	persistent	,	but	do	n't	pester	them	about	it	cause	that	'll	get	you	nowhere	fast	.
good	luck	!
my	general	convince	your	parents	to	let	you	get	a	reptile	advice	:
1	.	be	responsible	.
do	all	your	chores	without	being	nagged	,	take	care	of	any	existing	pets	,	keep	your	room	clean	,	and	so	on	.
prove	,	to	your	parents	'	satisfaction	,	that	you	,	not	they	,	will	be	the	one	actually	taking	care	of	your	new	pet	.
2	.	save	up	,	and	research	,	so	that	you	are	ready	for	your	new	pet	.
3	.	bargain	with	them	.
offer	to	do	extra	chores	,	ask	for	your	pet	as	a	reward	for	good	grades	,	something	like	that	.
4	.	play	the	sympathy	card	.
if	you	can	find	a	pet	at	a	shelter	,	or	that	a	friend	needs	to	get	rid	of	because	they	're	moving	or	whatever	,	you	might	be	able	to	talk	your	parents	into	"	giving	it	a	good	home	"	where	you	might	not	be	able	to	talk	them	into	buying	a	new	pet	.
on	the	fear	angle	--	talk	her	into	coming	to	the	pet	store	with	you	.
once	you	're	there	,	ask	if	you	can	hold	a	ball	python	.
once	you	're	holding	it	,	try	to	get	her	to	touch	/	pet	it	...
my	snake	's	meal	is	too	big	,	what	can	i	do	?
just	today	i	bought	a	medium	rat	for	my	beloved	ball	python	salazar	-lrb-	name	after	harry	potter	-rrb-	.
last	time	i	got	a	medium	rat	it	was	a	girl	and	my	snake	handled	her	easily	.
but	today	,	i	got	a	boy	and	realized	that	he	is	huge	!
i	really	do	love	my	snake	cause	she	is	actually	an	affectionate	cold	-	blooded	creature	.
so	my	true	question	comes	to	this	,	how	can	i	knock	the	rat	out	?
if	i	threw	him	against	a	wall	and	still	conscious	he	will	run	away	,	do	i	hang	him	by	the	tail	so	the	blood	can	flush	into	his	skull	?
i	really	do	need	answers	and	advice	,	and	not	insulting	answers	!!
like	seriously	!!	>:-lrb-
best	answer	shall	receive	points	:-rrb-
iw	ould	just	stick	him	in	the	tank	and	let	your	snake	have	a	nice	hunt	for	once	,	snakes	jaws	detach	for	this	sort	of	this	thing	,	so	why	not	give	her	a	good	hunt	,	but	if	you	do	want	him	knock	him	i	d	just	throw	him	against	the	wall	or	something	,,	lol	i	do	nt	know	,	i	agree	with	you	though	throw	him	,	haha
ok	so	if	youre	snake	will	take	pre-killed	,	you	can	"	gas	it	"	.
just	put	the	rat	in	a	sealed	tupperwear	container	with	no	airholes	and	wait	until	it	passes	out	and	dies	and	then	feed	it	.
if	it	wo	n't	take	pre-killed	and	you	usually	feed	live	then	you	could	hold	the	rat	by	the	tail	and	whack	it	against	a	hard	surface	,	like	a	refrigerator	or	wall	.
i	do	n't	like	that	option	though	-	i	think	it	's	pretty	cruel	and	i'd	not	done	properly	you	'll	end	up	really	hurting	the	rat	but	not	stunning	him	enough	to	stop	possible	injury	to	your	snake	.
i	would	do	the	tupperwear	idea	tbh	-	easiest	and	most	humane	.
you	could	also	just	wait	until	the	rat	passes	out	for	about	1	minute	and	them	feed	it	-	at	this	point	,	it	could	still	have	a	bit	of	a	heart	beat	and	be	slightly	still	alive	.
and	also	maybe	try	holding	the	rat	in	feeding	prongs	so	your	snake	can	get	a	good	hold	and	grip	on	his	prey	.
good	luck	!
just	my	opinion	here	-	no	judgement	-	getting	your	snake	on	frozen	/	thawed	will	prove	to	be	much	easier	for	you	and	safer	for	your	snake	in	the	long	run	.
my	opinion	-	take	it	for	what	it	's	worth	.	:--rrb-
looking	to	move	to	toronto	?
i	am	a	20	something	gay	black	male	and	i	am	looking	for	suggestions	on	neighborhoods	close	to	the	downtown	toronto	area	.
im	moving	from	south	carolina	so	this	will	already	be	a	huge	culture	shock	.
any	suggestions	?
being	gay	and	living	in	toronto	is	just	fine	.
you	may	consider	the	gay	village	on	church	street	,	right	downtown	.
it	is	full	of	gay	friendly	"	everything	"	.
but	,	you	could	live	where	ever	you	fancy	takes	you	.
for	obvious	reasons	,	knowing	how	extremely	difficult	it	is	to	drive	a	car	in	the	city	,	you	should	probably	try	to	be	near	the	subway	system	.
but	,	can	you	immigrate	?
being	an	american	guarantees	you	no	favours	when	it	come	to	going	to	canada	.
start	your	process	here	,	if	you	have	n't	already	.
-lrb-	marrying	a	canadian	is	not	enough	-	that	does	n't	count	for	at	least	two	years	.	-rrb-
http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/immigrate/index.asp
a	normal	processing	time	,	unless	you	have	an	advanced	degree	or	a	"	specified	"	skill	is	from	3	-	5	years	.
coming	to	stay	,	and	overstay	your	three	months	visit	will	lead	to	immediate	expulsion	and	a	lifetime	ban	to	immigrate	to	canada	-	not	good	.
let	s	be	clear	about	this	...........
just	'	wanting	to	come	to	canada	"	is	not	enough	.
you	must	apply	,	to	become	a	immigrant	,	and	wait	to	be	approved	,	by	the	canadian	government	.
your	education	-lrb-	the	more	the	better	-rrb-	and	your	past	work	history	,	combined	with	a	clean	fbi	and	state	police	record	,	and	a	satisfactory	financial	history	-lrb-	no	bankruptcies	or	large	outstanding	debts	in	the	usa	-rrb-	are	all	taken	into	consideration	.
it	is	a	competition	,	and	you	will	be	competing	with	hundreds	of	thousands	of	others	,	from	all	over	the	world	,	for	a	place	in	the	line	up	.
if	you	have	not	begun	the	application	process's	now	<	you	are	about	2	to	3	years	away	from	being	approved	by	immigration	canada	.
so	do	n't	pack	your	bags	,	yet	.
whatever	you	do	...............	do	not	try	to	come	here	with	out	legal	permission	.
you	will	not	be	able	to	seek	work	or	take	a	job	,	in	canada	,	with	out	having	to	show	your	immigration	visa	and	canadian	social	insurance	number	card	to	any	potential	employer	.
being	an	american	and	from	the	"	south	"	you	will	be	noticed	as	soon	as	you	speak	out	loud	.
do	it	properly	,	and	legally	,	and	you	will	be	ok	.
jim	b
toronto	.
how	to	train	my	puppy	?
i	have	a	4	months	shih	tzu	puppy	.
recently	i	'm	having	trouble	training	him	.
he	is	kind	of	hate	walking	with	leash	,	every	time	i	put	the	leash	on	,	he	will	try	to	bite	it	.
and	he	is	not	following	me	when	i	was	walking	.
i	saw	lots	of	videos	about	this	,	but	actually	it	did	n't	help	.
is	there	any	way	can	let	him	know	how	to	walk	with	leash	?
and	every	time	he	see	some	one	he	will	rush	to	people	and	jump	on	them	,	does	n't	listen	to	me	.
he	is	really	excited	about	anybody	he	see	.
how	to	prevent	this	?
last	thing	is	every	time	i	sit	on	a	chair	or	something	higher	than	him	,	he	will	try	to	jump	on	,	if	he	ca	n't	,	he	will	bark	all	the	time	until	i	let	him	get	on	,	what	should	i	do	with	this	?
anyone	have	any	suggestion	?
thank	you	very	much	.
hi	,	i	am	a	dog	trainer	for	25	yrs	.
you	need	to	purchase	what	is	called	a	shoulder	point	harness	.
this	type	of	harness	goes	around	the	dog	s	chest	and	legs	and	has	a	clip	for	the	leash	up	on	the	back	of	the	dog	in	middle	of	shoulder	blades	.
this	way	,	he	can	not	reach	the	leash	to	chew	it	.
when	he	swivels	his	head	to	go	for	it	anyway	,	tell	him	sharp	"	uh	uh	"	gently	correct	him	with	a	small	tug	and	continue	your	walk	.
do	this	repeatedly	and	frequently	and	he	will	learn	to	walk	on	a	leash	.
patience	is	the	key	here	.
he	is	a	young	pup	and	will	learn	over	time	and	consistency	in	his	training	.
and	always	,	always	train	with	love	and	positive	methods	-	never	hit	or	harshly	scold	.
never	train	out	of	fear	.
you	want	your	dog	to	admire	you	as	his	pack	leader	,	not	fear	you	.
good	luck	with	your	puppy	!
all	the	best	.
put	him	in	dog	obedience	school	or	call	a	professional	dog	trainer	.	:-rrb-
why	do	nt	you	get	some	treats	that	he	loves	and	only	give	him	them	when	he	does	something	right	.
or	,	as	i	saw	on	embarrassing	pets	on	tv	,	get	a	clicker	type	thing	and	treats	as	well	.
try	to	train	him	to	heel	,	which	means	to	walk	round	you	before	he	needs	to	go	on	a	leash	,	and	he	may	do	that	.
or	you	could	even	spray	some	scented	spray	on	the	leash	and	he	will	go	for	the	scent	and	probably	,	if	you	act	quick	enough	,	will	stay	on	the	leash	.
what	sort	of	hotel	could	i	expect	to	find	in	new	delhi	/	agra	/	varanasi	for	rs	500	per	night	?
hey	guys	.
i	'm	looking	to	visit	india	with	some	mates	at	the	beginning	of	february	next	year	and	i	am	wandering	what	standard	of	accommodation	we	could	get	for	rs	500	per	person	per	night	.
there	would	be	four	of	us	so	we	would	probably	be	looking	at	2	twin	rooms	for	rs	1000	,	close	to	the	centre	of	these	cities	.
this	would	be	on	a	walk	-	in	basis	as	we	want	to	have	the	freedom	of	finding	a	place	that	looks	good	-lrb-	not	relying	on	pictures	from	the	internet	-rrb-	and	is	in	a	spot	we	like	.
thanks	in	advance	for	sharing	your	experience	!
sorry	,	almost	forgot	to	ask	-	would	it	be	cheaper	to	walk	-	in	to	these	hotels	rather	than	pre	book	?
in	delhi	i	'd	recommend	ajay	guesthouse	.
travelled	to	delhi	twice	and	stayed	there	twice	.
rooms	start	from	500	per	double	.
those	ones	are	quite	small	.
must	say	,	in	delhi	it	's	hard	to	get	good	price	/	quality	rating	.
i	have	found	this	hotel	in	the	lonely	planet	guide	.
it	's	in	an	area	starting	with	a	p	,	many	tourist	hotels	there	and	the	location	is	very	nice	.
but	in	general	,	delhi	is	the	hardest	place	to	find	a	nice	clean	hotel	for	that	price	.
in	varanasi	i	do	n't	know	.
i	've	stayed	in	a	more	expensive	hotel	there	,	but	you	can	check	some	travelguides	or	tripadvisor	?
also	,	while	travelling	ask	people	where	they	've	been	and	if	they	have	any	hotel	recommendations	.
in	agra	i	've	stayed	in	a	place	fellow	travellers	recommended	,	they	found	it	in	the	rough	guide	.
it	was	nice	and	close	to	the	taj	.
it	was	quite	easy	to	find	something	.
-lrb-	do	nt	stay	in	agra	too	long	.
one	night	is	enough	!	-rrb-
there	were	many	hotels	there	.
i	ve	paid	500	for	a	double	room	there	and	it	was	fine	and	clean	.
good	luck	,	enjoy	your	time	!
you	may	find	a	normal	budget	hotel	for	rs	1000	per	night	in	the	cities	you	mentioned	,	the	links	below	may	help	you	to	find	good	hotels	in	delhi	and	agra	.
http://www.goldentriangleindia.com/delhi/hotels-in-delhi.html
to	stay	in	delhi	-	hotel	aster	inn	is	best	to	stay	in	delhi	.
it	is	in	karol	bagh	.
some	beautiful	locations	like	close	to	karol	bagh	shopping	market	,	presidential	palace	,	and	birla	mandir	temple	and	connaught	place	and	jantar	mantar	are	near	to	it	.
to	stay	in	agra	-	hotel	atithi	and	aditya	palace	is	perfect	for	you	.
it	is	centrally	situated	.
to	stay	in	varanasi	-	sandeep	hotel	is	you	choice	...
which	one	out	of	these	makes	the	best	pet	?
a	degu	,	a	rat	,	a	mouse	,	a	hamster	or	a	guinea	pig	?
and	why	is	the	one	a	better	pet	?
get	a	guinea	pig	.
i	have	a	hamster	,	and	mice	and	rats	like	to	escape	.
the	guinea	pig	is	better	because	it	s	a	lot	larger	than	a	hamster	,	rat	,	mouse	,	or	degu	.
so	if	you	lose	him	,	he	is	easier	to	find	,	because	smaller	rodents	just	love	to	escape	from	their	cages	.
so	my	opinion	is	guinea	pigs	.
-lrb-	plus	they	do	nt	stink	that	bad	-rrb-
depends	on	what	you	want	in	a	pet	,	to	be	honest	.
also	depends	on	the	space	you	have	,	how	much	time	you	can	handle	the	pet	,	how	much	money	you	can	spend	,	etc	.
i	've	had	experience	with	all	of	those	pets	except	degus	.
my	favorite	would	have	to	be	the	rat	.
they	're	incredibly	social	,	highly	trainable	,	and	very	clean	.
mine	learned	to	"	go	to	the	bathroom	"	only	in	their	cages	and	loved	to	ride	on	my	shoulder	or	hang	out	in	my	hoodie	pouch	.
the	only	downside	is	they	should	be	kept	in	pairs	or	trios	and	require	a	pretty	large	habitat	.
that	means	expense	,	space	,	and	they	require	weekly	cage	cleaning	.
my	second	favorite	would	have	to	be	the	guinea	pig	-	not	quite	as	social	with	people	as	rats	-lrb-	at	least	mine	was	n't	-rrb-	but	more	so	than	most	hamsters	or	mice	.
again	,	pairs	or	trios	and	pretty	big	living	space	.
they	,	too	,	need	weekly	cage	cleaning	and	can	cost	quite	a	bit	.
i	could	handle	my	mice	,	but	they	where	skittish	and	preferred	their	cage	.
i	've	never	met	a	hamster	that	did	n't	bite	me	.
never	had	/	handled	a	degu	.
get	a	guinea	pig	.
we	have	two	.
they	are	social	and	like	to	be	handled	.
you	have	to	have	two	because	they	do	n't	do	well	alone	.
make	certain	you	get	two	females	.
two	males	can	fight	and	you	definitely	do	n't	want	babies	!!
guinea	pigs	-lrb-	also	called	cavies	-rrb-	are	gentle	creatures	and	are	awake	during	the	day	and	sleep	at	night	.
they	will	whistle	when	they	hear	you	as	an	encouragement	for	you	to	give	them	a	treat	like	leaf	lettuce	.
they	love	leaf	or	romaine	lettuce	and	tomatos	,	celery	,	cucumbers	,	carrots	.
do	n't	feed	them	broccoli	,	cauliflower	,	garlic	,	onions	,	head	lettuce	....	they	are	all	too	difficult	for	them	to	digest	.
also	they	ca	n't	eat	potatos	,	they	are	toxic	for	them	.
if	you	keep	the	cage	clean	they	do	n't	smell	and	you	can	buy	spray	on	cleaser	for	them	,	just	massage	it	into	their	coat	and	groom	them	.
fostering	6	week	old	kittens	and	hating	it	!
need	advice	!?
i	wanted	to	volunteer	and	help	animals	,	and	decided	to	try	fostering	kittens	.
this	is	my	first	experience	and	i	have	two	six	week	old	kittens	right	now	and	am	at	my	wit	s	end	.
i	do	not	want	to	have	to	bring	them	back	before	they	are	eight	weeks	old	but	they	are	ruining	my	apartment	.
they	track	poop	everywhere	-lrb-	most	disgustingly	my	bed	....	-rrb-	,	and	am	constantly	trying	to	climb	up	everything	,	including	my	bare	legs	!
my	legs	and	hands	are	just	full	of	scratches	.
i	realize	they	are	young	and	that	cats	do	climb	,	but	this	is	just	ridiculous	.
my	apartment	also	smells	repulsive	even	though	i	am	cleaning	out	their	litter	box	at	least	once	a	day	if	not	twice	.
any	suggestions	and	helpful	hints	to	make	this	a	more	positive	experience	would	be	extremely	appreciated	.
that	's	kind	of	the	way	it	goes	..	lol	.
limit	them	to	one	room	with	easy	to	clean	flooring	.
if	you	have	limited	options	,	try	the	bathroom	.
make	sure	there	are	plenty	of	litter	boxes	that	are	cleaned	often	.
depending	on	the	batch	of	kittens	,	i	will	often	have	as	many	as	one	per	kitten	.
they	can	produce	a	lot	of	waste	and	even	scooping	twice	a	day	they	can	get	messy	.
for	some	reason	it	takes	them	awhile	to	learn	not	to	step	in	poop	.
also	if	they	have	diarrhea	,	check	in	with	your	foster	coordinator	.
they	made	need	medication	or	deworming	or	something	.
they	are	testing	out	their	claws	and	teeth	.
to	some	degree	you	can	/	should	help	teach	them	not	to	use	their	teeth	and	claws	inappropriately	.
but	in	the	meantime	,	highly	recommend	jeans	and	long	sleeves	anytime	you	'll	be	interacting	with	the	kittens	.
then	take	care	of	yourself	.
get	plenty	of	sleep	and	make	sure	you	take	time	out	to	do	some	things	you	enjoy	.
try	visiting	the	kittens	a	few	times	a	day	for	short	periods	of	time	.
try	to	go	in	there	with	the	right	frame	of	mind	and	enjoy	them	for	what	they	are	.
if	you	still	do	n't	enjoy	the	kittens	,	see	what	other	opportunities	are	available	.
they	may	need	foster	homes	for	adult	cats	in	different	situations	..	sick	,	recovering	from	surgery	,	need	a	little	socialization	,	etc	.
i	find	the	adults	are	much	easier	.
generally	they	're	not	clawing	and	biting	,	they	do	n't	make	nearly	as	much	mess	,	they	do	n't	need	nearly	as	much	litterbox	scooping	,	etc	:-rrb-
decide	volunteering	is	not	your	thing	and	give	them	back	!
and	do	more	research	before	you	agree	next	time	;--rrb-
take	the	kittens	back	to	the	shelter	.
maybe	do	volunteer	work	at	the	humane	society	,	walk	dogs	,	groom	the	animals	etc	.
what	r	the	requirements	to	apply	for	a	delay	birth	certificate	in	canada	?
what	r	the	evidentary	requirements	to	apply	for	a	delay	birth	certificate	in	canada	?
including	fees	and	forms
it	depends	on	if	you	ever	registered	the	birth	.
some	places	do	the	registration	right	at	the	hospital	....	in	some	smaller	places	,	you	need	to	register	your	child	's	birth	at	the	town	hall	/	registrar	's	office	.
my	first	three	children	were	born	in	southern	ontario	cities	.
the	birth	registration	was	done	right	in	hospital	.
my	last	son	,	was	born	in	northern	ontario	....
i	did	n't	know	that	i	did	n't	register	him	in	the	ridiculous	amount	of	paperwork	i	had	filled	out	in	the	hospital	and	was	supposed	to	go	to	city	hall	within	90	days	.
two	years	later	when	i	got	around	to	filling	for	his	birth	certificate	,	i	find	out	he	was	never	registered	.
i	had	to	call	the	office	of	the	registrar	general	in	thunder	bay	,	have	copies	of	the	delayed	registration	form	mailed	out	to	me	,	as	they	do	n't	have	an	online	area	for	it	yet	,	fill	those	out	,	send	them	away	,	then	apply	for	his	birth	certificate	.
if	you	are	just	applying	for	a	birth	certificate	for	the	first	time	,	it	s	simple	to	do	it	over	the	computer	.
for	$	56	you	can	even	have	it	expedited	and	will	get	in	three	business	days	or	your	money	back	.
this	is	in	ontario	of	course	,	the	rates	may	be	slightly	different	for	other	provinces	/	territories	.
you	just	need	basic	information	,	and	answer	a	few	questions	like	what	hospital	was	the	child	born	at	/	who	was	the	doctor	....
none	,	just	walk	in	to	the	service	office	and	present	all	the	identification	you	have	to	prove	your	identity	.
they	may	then	chose	to	ask	you	to	bring	more	evidence	,	or	just	look	up	the	record	and	hand	you	the	certificate	.
you	can	probably	do	it	all	on	-	line	.
start	here	if	you	were	born	in	ontario	.
http://www.ontario.ca/en/information_bundle/birthcertificates/119274.html
if	you	were	born	elsewhere	,	start	here	.
http://www.ontario.ca/en/information_bundle/birthcertificates/119275.html
good	luck
my	parents	did	n't	send	for	my	birth	certificate	until	i	was	16	and	needed	it	for	summer	employment	.
it	was	no	problem	to	get	provided	the	birth	was	registered	in	the	first	place	.
i	add	that	in	because	there	have	been	some	people	who	have	tried	to	claim	citizenship	by	sending	for	their	birth	certificate	when	they	were	never	really	born	in	canada	or	to	canadian	parents	.
when	a	child	is	born	in	canada	the	birth	is	registered	before	the	baby	can	leave	the	hospital	.
as	long	as	that	was	done	you	can	send	for	it	at	any	time	.
each	provincial	government	has	a	website	that	lists	the	process	for	that	province	so	depending	upon	where	you	were	born	you	can	google	it	.
royal	caribbean	or	carnival	cruise	?
only	if	you	have	been	on	board	*	both	*	!!
i	want	to	know	which	you	liked	better	and	why	?
include	which	one	had	:
-	better	food
-	more	fun	activities
-	more	teens
-	and	just	more	stuff	you	liked	overall
please	specify	which	royal	or	carnival	ship	-lrb-:
carnival	and	royal	caribbean	are	two	popular	cruise	lines	that	have	strong	followings	.
some	cruise	aficionados	refuse	to	sail	on	one	or	the	other	.
are	there	any	major	differences	between	them	?
explore	which	cruise	may	fit	your	needs	the	best	.
for	our	comparison	we	sailed	on	two	similar	ships	-	the	carnival	liberty	and	the	royal	caribbean	mariner	of	the	seas	.
itinerary	both	ships	go	to	caribbean	islands	like	jamaica	,	grand	cayman	,	cozumel	,	st.	thomas	,	the	bahamas	and	st.	martin	/	st.	maarten	.
the	liberty	also	visited	its	private	island	half	moon	cay	,	puerto	rico	,	and	grand	turk	.
the	mariner	of	the	seas	traveled	to	its	private	island	coco	cay	and	labadee	-lrb-	the	north	coast	of	haiti	-rrb-	.
we	loved	most	of	the	locations	that	both	of	the	ships	visited	and	do	n't	believe	that	this	should	be	a	distinguishing	factor	on	deciding	between	the	cruise	lines	.
shows	each	night	there	are	a	variety	of	shows	.
usually	you	have	the	main	show	and	some	type	of	entertainment	before	and	perhaps	afterward	.
we	felt	that	the	main	shows	on	the	mariner	of	the	seas	were	better	.
on	the	liberty	we	liked	the	comedian	and	juggling	act	.
if	you	love	seeing	the	shows	,	royal	caribbean	was	better	for	the	main	shows	and	carnival	was	slightly	better	for	the	comedians	.
dining	room	we	enjoyed	the	atmosphere	of	both	dining	rooms	on	the	liberty	and	mariner	of	the	seas	.
we	felt	that	the	menu	had	a	little	more	variety	on	the	mariner	of	the	seas	.
friendliness	of	staff	the	liberty	and	mariner	of	the	seas	both	get	high	grades	.
we	did	have	one	waiter	that	complained	some	on	one	of	our	trips	on	the	mariner	.
we	had	a	slightly	better	experience	on	the	liberty	,	but	feel	that	both	crews	did	an	excellent	job	and	that	this	should	not	be	a	distinguishing	factor	on	choosing	a	cruise	.
pools	the	mariner	of	the	seas	and	liberty	both	had	salt	water	pools	-	which	most	cruise	ships	have	.
they	both	had	pools	for	kids	and	adults	.
we	liked	the	liberty	's	pools	better	because	one	had	a	slide	.
if	you	have	kids	,	this	would	be	something	that	they	would	definitely	enjoy	.
spa	we	tried	the	spa	on	the	liberty	and	loved	it	.
we	did	not	try	the	spa	on	the	mariner	of	the	seas	.
usually	you	ca	n't	go	wrong	when	getting	a	spa	treatment	......
royal	caribbean	is	better	,	but	the	best	cruiseline	is	regent	seven	seas	.
look	on	their	website	rssc.com
royal	caribbean	.
carnival	has	been	called	the	walmart	of	cruise	lines	...
what	countries	are	the	best	to	travel	to	?
i	really	want	to	travel	when	i	leave	school	!
where	in	the	states	could	i	go	?
where	in	europe	?
have	you	every	traveled	before	?
how	long	should	i	go	for	to	each	place	?
-lrb-	i	have	1	year	before	collage	!	-rrb-
&	also	how	much	money	would	i	need	?
so	i	can	start	saving	now	hehe
thanks	:-rrb-
i	mean	when	i	graduate	&	yes	,	college	,	sorry	for	the	typo	.
leave	high	school	?
not	the	smartest	move	to	take	off	on	a	worldly	adventure	if	you	've	never	traveled	before	and	you	do	n't	put	where	you	would	be	traveling	from	.
in	the	united	states	?
lots	of	places	.
there	are	50	of	them	,	48	located	from	maine	to	florida	and	california	to	washington	state	and	all	in	between	.
there	are	2	more	located	outside	of	the	main	continent	with	alaska	way	to	the	north	and	hawaii	in	the	pacific	.
what	do	you	like	to	do	?
big	cities	like	new	york	,	boston	,	philadelphia	on	the	east	coast	.
beaches	and	disney	of	florida	or	the	mid	atlantic	cities	of	atlanta	,	savannah	,	charleston	.
the	federal	sites	of	washington	,	dc	.
southern	charm	of	nashville	,	birmingham	,	new	orleans	or	charlotte	.
west	coast	hot	spots	like	seattle	,	portland	,	san	francisco	,	los	angeles	or	san	diego	.
europe	?
just	as	numerous	as	the	possibilities	of	the	us	.
do	you	speak	a	foreign	language	?
i	could	spend	a	year	in	spain	alone	.
from	madrid	to	seville	to	barcelona	an	valencia	.
bilboa	on	the	north	coast	,	pamplona	and	the	very	famous	guernica	.
a	road	trip	to	lisbon	and	the	algarve	in	portugal	before	a	mountain	escape	in	the	pyrenees	and	a	stop	in	andorra	before	heading	over	to	france	and	italy	and	austria	and	switzerland	.
i	've	traveled	to	all	of	these	places	and	could	certainly	tailor	a	trip	to	your	needs	based	on	budget	,	actual	time	allowed	,	your	likes	and	dislikes	.
amount	of	time	could	be	dependent	on	so	many	things	.
do	you	want	to	see	all	the	sites	or	simply	a	few	photos	and	on	your	way	to	the	next	place	.
does	your	budget	limit	you	to	how	long	you	can	stay	in	each	place	?
you	need	a	lot	of	money	for	hotels	,	airfare	,	seeing	the	sites	,	food	,	local	transport	-	you	name	it	but	life	costs	.
once	you	have	a	budget	or	an	amount	in	the	bank	then	you	'll	be	able	to	figure	out	where	you	can	go	,	for	how	long	you	can	go	and	what	you	can	do	when	you	're	there	.
1	year	before	collage	or	college	?
good	luck	.
i	recommend	buying	a	single	unlimited	europass	and	travelling	anywhere	in	the	eu	your	heart	desires	.
you	ca	n't	beat	the	price	for	what	you	get	.
come	to	africa	.
nigeria	,	a	lovely	country	.
but	where	in	nigeria	?
obudu	cattle	ranch	.
more	than	a	tourist	centre	.
how	do	you	make	your	cat	adjust	to	a	new	house	?
me	and	my	family	are	moving	into	a	new	house	just	outside	a	small	town	.
we	are	currently	living	a	mile	from	the	town	in	a	house	surrounded	by	fields	but	the	new	house	is	beside	a	busy	road	.
we	have	had	the	cat	for	10	years	and	do	nt	want	to	leave	it	.
how	could	we	make	it	settle	in	a	new	house	.
you	are	not	just	moving	house	-	your	cat	is	losing	his	territory	.
territory	is	very	important	to	cats	,	and	they	are	very	nervous	when	they	go	into	a	new	place	-	a	new	house	could	be	full	of	predators	,	or	unknown	menaces	-	well	at	least	he	thinks	so	.
you	will	need	to	give	him	only	a	small	place	to	explore	,	so	he	can	make	it	his	territory	,	and	feel	safe	there	.
then	,	he	can	have	a	place	to	retreat	to	when	he	feels	scared	.
you	will	need	to	get	his	box	and	bowls	,	and	whatever	blanket	and	toys	are	his	,	and	smell	like	home	,	and	put	him	in	a	room	.
the	room	you	sleep	in	is	best	-lrb-	seeing	you	so	relaxed	that	you	are	sleeping	will	send	the	message	that	everything	is	ok	-rrb-	,	but	others	will	work	just	as	well	.
close	the	door	,	and	keep	him	in	there	for	a	week	.
he	will	feel	much	safer	in	that	one	room	,	than	in	a	huge	unknown	house	.
he	will	explore	the	room	,	mark	everything	with	his	cheek	,	and	try	to	make	it	feel	like	his	territory	.
he	will	reassure	himself	that	no	other	animal	is	in	there	,	and	that	no	other	animal	will	come	in	-	he	is	afraid	that	he	is	in	someone	else	's	territory	when	he	is	in	a	new	house	.
in	a	week	's	time	,	he	will	have	made	it	his	,	and	will	be	getting	more	bored	than	afraid	.
let	him	out	for	half	an	hour	,	to	explore	.
then	put	him	back	in	.
he	will	be	freaked	out	,	so	going	back	to	his	territory	will	make	him	much	happier	.
extend	the	time	he	is	out	each	day	,	but	for	the	first	month	,	always	put	him	in	his	room	at	night	,	so	he	feels	safe	to	sleep	.
soon	he	will	make	the	whole	house	his	,	but	he	needs	that	one	safe	place	to	start	from	.
remember	to	visit	with	him	while	he	is	in	the	room	,	and	tell	him	how	good	he	is	.
remember	to	give	him	the	time	he	needs	to	feel	that	the	room	is	his	-	rush	it	,	and	he	will	be	afraid	of	the	whole	house	for	a	long	time	.
he	might	even	start	peeing	on	things	in	fear	.
good	luck	with	your	new	house	and	with	his	new	territory	!
let	her	explore	when	we	moved	my	cat	had	to	explore	the	entire	house	before	she	felt	comfortable	.
in	time	though	she	/	he	will	adjust	.	:-rrb-
they	just	do	it	on	their	own	.
i	just	adopted	a	2	year	old	male	german	shepherd	with	major	bad	behaviors	?
last	night	,	i	adopted	a	2	year	old	male	german	shepherd	.
-lrb-	he	is	92	pounds	-rrb-	he	does	not	listen	to	any	commands	,	but	my	major	problem	is	that	he	will	not	go	outside	on	command	,	or	even	with	me	.
i	will	walk	outside	and	he	will	stand	at	the	door	and	stare	at	me	or	run	away	.
my	other	major	problem	is	that	he	will	not	get	in	his	crate	.
i	will	get	a	treat	and	try	to	get	him	in	there	that	way	,	it	wo	nt	work	.
he	wo	nt	even	get	close	to	the	crate	.
if	i	come	towards	him	,	he	will	run	away	.
how	do	i	train	him	to	feel	comfortable	in	his	crate	?
and	to	willingly	go	outside	...	and	to	come	on	command	.
he	wo	nt	do	anything	on	command	.
it	s	very	frustrating	.
i	have	a	9	month	old	german	shepherd	that	i	raised	from	a	puppy	.
i	trained	her	myself	.
she	is	crate	trained	,	potty	trained	,	and	can	sit	,	lay	down	,	stay	,	come	,	fetch	,	and	will	even	stay	in	a	down	position	while	i	throw	a	treat	across	the	floor	or	even	right	next	to	her	paw	,	and	she	wo	nt	get	it	until	i	give	her	the	command	.
yes	,	lots	of	time	and	lots	of	patients	...
i	just	do	nt	know	how	to	do	it	with	a	grown	dog	.
she	tosses	me	around	like	it	s	nothing	!
...	but	basically	,	what	i	do	is	the	same	thing	i	did	with	my	puppy	...	lots	of	patience	,	lots	of	time	,	lots	of	praise	,	lots	of	treats	,	and	lots	of	repition	....	right	?
is	there	any	tricks	i	could	use	?
maybe	get	a	book	on	training	.
you	have	to	be	in	command	at	all	times	.
there	are	ways	to	get	your	new	dog	used	to	the	crate	or	going	out	.
i	would	start	with	a	leash	.
put	the	leash	on	the	dog	and	just	walk	around	the	crate	a	few	times	.
then	take	the	leash	off	and	do	nothing	else	but	that	.
later	do	it	again	.
when	the	dog	is	ok	with	this	,	then	open	the	door	and	walk	around	the	crate	,	leave	the	door	open	all	the	time	.
put	something	fun	inside	.
let	your	dog	go	in	when	he	wants	to	for	no	reason	.
do	not	shut	the	door	.
let	him	walk	in	and	out	for	a	few	days	.
at	some	point	he	will	feel	ok	with	this	and	you	can	then	close	the	door	but	not	for	long	at	all	.
open	the	door	and	let	him	out	and	see	how	he	acts	.
if	you	push	it	,	it	will	never	work	.
with	going	outside	,	put	the	leash	on	and	just	take	him	for	a	walk	.
he	will	learn	to	really	like	this	.
potty	outside	will	come	at	some	point	.
try	obedience	classes	.
have	patience	with	him	,	you	just	got	him	and	who	knows	how	he	was	treated	before	you	brought	him	home	.
where	can	i	find	the	best	tours	to	the	mekong	delta	at	reasonable	prices	?
will	only	be	in	ho	chi	minh	for	4	days	and	i	am	looking	for	a	1	day	or	2	day	trip	to	mekong	delta	.
i	have	been	researching	on	line	and	find	things	are	quite	pricey	but	the	tours	look	great	.
should	i	just	settle	and	book	on	line	?
or	is	it	better	if	i	wait	till	i	get	there	?
if	i	wait	,	would	the	tours	i	find	there	for	less	money	be	the	same	quality	type	tours	?
also	,	any	tour	recommendations	would	be	very	helpful	a	well	.
thank	you	!
if	you	want	reliable	and	inexpensive	...	try	sinh	cafe	/	tourist	.
the	are	located	right	at	248	de	than	st.	in	the	heart	of	the	back	packer	district	.
i	have	taken	this	tour	and	it	was	great	.
i	did	an	overnight	in	a	home	stay	that	was	sweet	and	the	water	market	was	wonderful	.
i	do	n't	remember	the	exact	cost	but	remember	thinking	how	inexpensive	it	was	.
also	,	sinh	cafe	has	been	around	for	a	long	time	and	is	very	reputable	.
and	no	,	i	do	not	work	for	them	.	:-rrb-
i	am	just	a	satisfied	customer	.
and	do	n't	expect	to	party	on	this	tour	.
the	south	is	not	like	the	regular	tourist	towns	.
very	few	clubs	and	night	activities	.
oh	,	if	you	are	confused	.
sinh	cafe	is	not	a	cafe	.
it	is	a	tour	agency	and	they	have	their	own	buses	etc	.
tele	#	84838389593
have	fun	.
there	is	n't	much	to	see	in	the	delta	,	it	's	a	lifestyle	not	a	resort	area	.
if	you	're	adventurous	you	can	take	a	bus	or	water	taxi	to	my	tho	-lrb-	near	where	we	live	-rrb-	or	can	tho	.
from	either	of	those	cities	,	you	can	venture	out	and	spend	a	day	in	the	country	.
most	of	the	tourists	that	i	've	come	across	buy	tours	along	the	my	tho	waterfront	.
you	take	a	boat	across	the	river	,	then	spend	a	day	biking	,	eating	at	a	local	restaurant	,	buying	souvenirs	and	doing	other	things	that	are	geared	towards	tourists	.
the	countryside	is	very	beautiful	,	especially	if	you	have	a	few	months	-lrb-	or	years	-rrb-	to	get	to	know	the	place	.
ps	,	if	you	make	it	to	thanh	pho	ben	tre	,	stay	a	night	at	my	friend	ken	's	hotel	.
it	's	called	kiwi	heaven	and	it	's	across	the	river	from	cho	ben	tre	.
it	's	a	little	hard	to	get	to	by	foot	,	they	're	rebuilding	the	bridge	,	but	you	can	get	someone	to	moto	-	taxi	you	there	for	a	dollar	or	less	.
he	's	an	ex-pat	from	new	zealand	and	he	's	been	in	town	for	awhile	.
he	'll	set	up	a	real	tour	of	the	area	for	you	,	not	some	tourist	fantasy	.
have	a	good	trip	where	-	ever	you	end	up	.
we	went	with	intrepid	as	a	part	of	their	north	to	south	vietnam	trip	,	but	they	do	offer	this	one	day	separately	.
we	had	a	great	time	and	visited	a	location	where	they	made	coconut	candies	,	visited	a	local	restaurant	which	was	attached	to	a	fish	farm	,	rode	in	modified	quad	bikes	and	had	some	tropical	food	at	what	appeared	to	be	a	local	hangout	.
intrepid	is	good	at	getting	you	away	from	the	most	touristy	spots	and	showing	you	something	a	little	different	.
yoga	and	horses	.....	?
i	got	a	riding	lesson	today	on	one	of	my	boss	's	fino	horses	and	it	made	me	realize	just	how	unsteady	my	left	leg	is	.
i	mentioned	it	to	my	boss	and	she	said	to	start	doing	yoga	.
but	there	are	just	so	many	poses	and	programs	!
any	good	poses	or	programs	-lrb-	i	'm	willing	to	buy	a	dvd	as	long	as	it	is	under	$	20	-rrb-	to	help	specifically	with	leg	stabilization	?
i	just	have	a	few	issues	supporting	my	back	and	my	left	leg	flops	.
because	i	do	n't	feel	like	spending	over	$	20	on	a	freakin	dvd
i	also	have	back	problems	that	transfer	into	my	legs	.
i	have	done	yoga	for	riders	for	a	while	,	a	20	minute	routine	i	found	on	youtube	-lrb-	i	think	it	s	called	"	yoga	for	horse	back	riding	"	hosted	by	a	man	-rrb-	it	helped	with	noticing	slight	differences	in	my	balance	and	weight	distribution	but	not	really	for	the	way	i	use	my	legs	and	back	.
here	is	what	i	do	now	and	it	really	helps	....
when	i	first	get	on	i	take	1	leg	and	pull	it	back	up	to	touch	my	butt	with	my	heel	and	hold	it	there	for	1	lap	at	a	walk	around	a	large	dressage	arena	.
then	the	same	thing	with	the	other	leg	.
then	1	lap	at	a	walk	around	the	arena	with	both	my	legs	pulled	out	as	far	as	i	can	,	so	they	are	not	touching	the	saddle	.
then	a	lap	doing	scissors	,	one	leg	forward	as	far	as	i	can	and	the	other	back	,	then	switch	legs	.
i	'll	also	trot	doing	,	down	2	beats	,	up	one	for	a	wile	,	then	up	2	down	1	making	sure	the	weight	is	going	into	the	balls	of	my	feet	.
if	the	weight	is	going	into	your	heels	-lrb-	it	throws	your	leg	forward	-rrb-	put	the	stirrups	up	against	the	heel	of	your	boot	.
do	a	nice	working	trot	,	not	a	slow	trot	.
all	this	will	help	you	use	both	legs	evenly	,	keep	proper	contact	and	use	your	wight	correctly	,	to	keep	your	leg	in	a	good	position	.
btw	you	do	nt	want	your	leg	locked	in	place	,	it	will	move	with	the	horse	a	bit	.
when	i	first	started	doing	it	i	'd	do	it	every	day	.
now	i	just	do	it	once	or	twice	a	week	or	as	needed	.
now	not	only	is	my	leg	better	,	but	my	back	is	relaxing	.
what	are	you	having	problems	with	?
i	would	n't	bother	with	yoga	i	'd	practice	more	with	riding	and	fixing	my	problem	,	ride	bareback	,	with	no	irons	,	there	s	also	a	way	to	ride	on	your	knees	?
that	help	alot	with	your	thigh	muscles	-lrb-	bareback	though	-rrb-
ya	i	really	would	n't	bother	with	the	yoga
maybe	a	back	brase	will	help	,	sometimes	my	back	really	gets	to	me	and	i	've	thought	about	getting	one	.
with	your	leg	flopping	,	just	try	putting	all	your	weight	in	your	heel	and	hang	on	with	only	your	legs	,	holding	my	leg	back	helps	me	with	flopping	the	more	it	's	forward	the	more	it	flops	:/	work	your	calf	muscles	,	maybe	try	standing	on	the	edge	of	your	steps	-lrb-	on	the	ball	of	your	foot	-rrb-	and	balance	to	strengthen	those	muscles
you	do	n't	want	to	spend	more	than	$	20	and	yet	you	have	an	expensive	hobby	like	riding	horses	?
i	really	ca	n't	help	you	.
what	to	feed	my	dog	after	gastroenteritis	?
my	dog	has	been	sick	for	about	3	days	now	.
he	has	been	having	diarheya	everywhere	and	he	began	to	vomit	last	night	.
i	thought	it	would	pass	until	he	started	to	vomit	blood	and	would	nt	drink	any	water	.
i	took	him	to	the	animal	hospital	and	they	ran	blood	work	and	everything	came	back	normal	.
no	pancreatitis	or	anything	abnormal	.
the	vet	said	it	was	gastroenteritis	and	gave	him	fluids	under	his	skin	,	an	injection	of	nausea	medication	along	with	some	take	home	antibiotics	.
so	my	question	is	..
is	it	normal	for	dogs	to	throw	up	blood	while	having	gastroenteritis	?
and	will	these	antibiotics	help	?
i	have	tryed	to	give	him	water	but	he	wo	nt	take	it	..	what	should	i	do	?
i	do	nt	want	him	to	get	dehydrated	and	also	should	i	try	to	give	him	a	little	bit	of	food	?
...	some	help	would	be	great	.
thank	you	:-rrb-
they	did	nt	take	x	-	rays	they	offered	them	but	i	just	could	nt	afford	any	more	treatment	.
i	feel	like	shit	for	saying	that	but	after	what	they	have	done	already	i	wo	nt	be	buying	grocerys	for	the	next	few	weeks	.
i	will	give	them	and	call	and	see	what	they	say	.
thank	you	for	the	help	.
ok	so	i	spoke	to	the	vet	and	he	said	the	give	him	white	rice	and	boiled	chicken	but	only	a	little	at	a	time	.
seince	he	recieved	the	fluids	last	night	he	said	not	to	worry	about	drinking	water	for	at	least	a	couple	of	days	.
i	went	home	at	lunch	to	check	on	him	and	he	is	doing	1000	etter	he	was	actually	walkin	around	and	wagin	his	tail	:-rrb-	thanks	everbody	for	the	info	it	s	greatly	appreciated	.
to	answer	your	questions	in	order	:
1	-rrb-	it	is	not	normal	for	dogs	to	be	vomiting	,	much	less	to	have	blood	in	it	.
however	,	if	they	have	been	vomiting	numerous	times	,	then	the	blood	could	be	due	to	irritation	of	the	stomach	and	intestines	.
he	could	also	have	parvovirus	,	a	gi	foreign	body	,	or	any	number	of	things	.
did	your	vet	take	radiographs	-lrb-	x	-	rays	-rrb-	?
2	-rrb-	your	vet	would	not	prescribe	them	if	they	did	n't	think	it	would	be	helpful	.
3	-rrb-	if	he	shows	no	interest	in	water	,	then	take	him	back	to	your	vet	.
it	could	be	due	to	nausea	or	any	number	of	things	.
he	could	become	severly	dehydrated	-lrb-	especially	if	he	continues	to	vomit	and	have	diarrhea	-rrb-	.
from	there	you	end	up	with	electrolyte	imbalances	,	which	can	lead	to	heart	and	kidney	problems	.
and	being	dehydrated	,	vomiting	,	and	having	diarrhea	just	does	n't	feel	good	.
4	-rrb-	call	your	vet	.
they	should	have	discussed	a	bland	diet	with	you	,	including	the	frequency	of	feeding	and	how	much	to	feed	at	each	sitting	.
it	sounds	like	your	dog	may	benefit	from	being	hospitalized	,	and	put	on	iv	fluids	to	help	his	hydration	,	administer	the	antibiotics	iv	,	and	to	ensure	that	he	starts	to	recover	.
you	should	absolutely	call	your	veterinarian	back	immediately	to	clarify	anything	you	have	questions	about	.
they	have	seen	your	pet	,	and	are	most	aware	of	his	condition	.
no	one	online	will	be	able	to	assist	you	more	than	your	vet	can	.
you	need	to	ask	your	vet	these	questions	.
boiled	white	rice	and	boiled	chicken	breast	.
bland	food	.
no	spices	!
my	vet	told	me	when	a	dog	is	vomiting	a	lot	,	it	could	be	a	sign	of	obstruction	.
did	they	do	any	x	-	rays	?
i	do	n't	know	if	vomiting	blood	is	common	with	this	ailment	.
you	should	call	your	vet	now	and	ask	them	what	is	normal	or	not	.
french	dating	etiquette	?
i	would	really	love	to	hear	what	the	french	or	those	who	had	dated	the	french	to	say	something	about	this	.
i	'm	in	my	20's	and	currently	studying	in	france	.
coming	from	an	anglo	-	saxon	country	my	version	of	dating	is	'	getting	the	number	,	asking	her	out	,	etc.	.	'
however	,	i	've	read	on	the	internet	that	the	french	dating	etiquette	is	totally	different	.
for	them	,	dating	would	normally	be	meeting	in	groups	or	parties	,	then	pairing	off	.
in	addition	,	from	my	understanding	one	-	on	-	one	dates	is	something	that	comes	much	later	and	not	'	straight	-	away	'	like	us	anglo	-	saxons	.
they	are	also	very	secretive	about	being	in	a	relationship	.
they	only	'	go	out	in	the	open	'	once	they	have	reached	a	certain	level	of	seriousness	.
is	it	true	?
i	have	told	a	french	girl	i	liked	her	,	and	she	accepted	.
she	is	friendly	when	we	see	each	other	on	campus	.
she	is	also	nicer	when	we	are	both	alone	.
however	,	when	we	are	at	parties	or	when	they	are	people	around	she	seems	to	ignore	me	.
she	also	seems	to	hate	it	whenever	i	ask	her	out	on	a	date	,	to	the	point	she	said	stop	!
my	mind	thinks	she	has	no	interest	in	me	and	just	stringing	me	along	.
but	the	articles	i	read	seemed	to	say	the	contrary	.
have	i	just	fallen	victim	in	a	cultural	trap	?
what	you	have	read	in	the	internet	is	fairly	accurate	but	of	course	it	does	not	fit	all	scenarios	.
you	are	not	french	for	a	start	,	so	the	"	rules	"	or	"	customs	"	may	not	apply	to	you	when	it	comes	to	entering	into	a	relationship	between	people	from	different	backgrounds	.
from	what	you	say	the	messages	given	by	this	girl	are	quite	clear	.
she	is	not	stringing	you	along	since	she	is	actually	discouraging	you	and	is	honest	enough	to	tell	you	to	stop	asking	her	out	.
she	is	just	being	friendly	in	public	because	she	does	not	want	to	offend	you	and	she	treats	you	like	any	other	friend	.
you	said	you	liked	her	and	she	accepted	it	as	a	truth	and	perhaps	as	a	compliment	,	but	it	does	not	mean	she	fancies	you	or	wants	to	pair	off	with	you	.
at	parties	she	does	not	want	to	be	considered	in	any	way	attached	to	you	,	which	is	consistent	.
take	the	messages	for	what	they	are	:	she	has	no	objection	in	you	being	pals	at	uni	,	but	she	does	not	want	to	take	matters	further	.
"	non	!	"	means	"	non	"	,	not	"	i	might	consider	it	,	and	i	will	keep	you	attached	to	my	apron	strings	just	in	case	.	"
christiane	gave	you	a	good	answer	.
you	have	fallen	in	a	cultural	misunderstanding	.
what	i	have	to	add	is	that	it	is	normal	in	france	to	have	mixed	gender	groups	of	friends	,	there	's	nothing	unusual	in	boys	and	girls	being	only	friends	,	which	is	obviously	what	this	girl	wants	from	you	.
she	probably	finds	your	company	pleasing	as	a	friend	but	you	are	not	her	choice	a	a	boyfriend	and	she	is	trying	to	keep	it	on	a	friendship	level	,	and	trying	to	make	you	understand	that	she	does	n't	want	to	go	further	.
if	she	is	nicer	when	you	are	alone	i	'd	say	it	is	because	in	public	view	she	is	making	sure	that	people	do	not	think	that	you	might	be	her	boyfriend	.
you	do	find	the	'	get	the	number	hop	in	bed	with	her	'	but	be	aware	that	they	usually	have	a	reputation	as	sluts	.
unfair	for	the	girl	as	boys	do	n't	have	that	kind	of	handicap	,	but	that	's	the	way	our	own	rules	work	.
should	have	done	research	before	you	left	.
why	not	just	take	your	chances	and	do	it	your	way	?
true	or	false	:	being	a	young	new	zealander	means	having	no	future	?
there	are	no	jobs	in	this	country	.
i	'm	just	trying	to	make	up	my	mind	whether	i	should	move	to	australia	or	seek	work	in	the	sex	industry	.
is	there	a	future	for	our	nation	's	youth	?
@	ryan	b	,
i	'm	two	years	into	an	undergraduate	degree	.
everybody	i	know	at	university	intends	to	stay	at	uni	for	as	long	as	possible	until	there	are	actually	jobs	available	.
everybody	seems	to	flee	this	country	and	move	overseas	,	to	australia	,	etc	.
there	's	obviously	a	reason	for	that	-lrb-	lack	of	employment	,	low	incomes	,	etc	.	-rrb-
your	answer	does	n't	do	anything	but	remind	me	that	i	'm	going	to	be	$	25,000	in	debt	by	the	time	i	'm	22	.
so	,	thanks	.
@	w.a.b.b.y	,
i	really	like	you're	answer	.
it	's	very	logical	.
i	've	also	considered	becoming	a	teacher	,	but	it	's	not	a	job	i	'm	cut	out	for	.
i	also	wish	i	'd	applied	for	a	scholarship	.
i	did	n't	think	i	'd	be	awarded	one	,	but	i	received	the	dux	litterarum	award	at	high	school	,	so	my	chances	were	probably	better	than	i	thought	they	were	.
obviously	i	'm	still	completely	stupid	though	.
i	mean	,	i	was	n't	smart	enough	to	apply	for	a	scholarship	.
and	yes	,	i	am	being	melodramatic	.
lol	.
@	hatmanone	,
*	gasps	*	so	i	would	n't	make	a	good	prostitute	?
are	you	saying	i	'm	bad	in	bed	?
how	would	you	know	?
joking	.
your	answer	is	very	sweet	,	but	i	'm	not	compassionate	towards	teenage	high	school	students	.
a	little	mellow	dramatic	?
in	my	opinion	,	far	too	many	people	are	at	university	studying	worthless	degrees	.
yes	things	like	philosophy	and	fashion	design	are	interesting	,	but	how	many	jobs	are	out	there	for	someone	with	these	qualifications	?
i	'm	studying	to	be	a	teacher	,	so	i	know	that	there	will	definitely	be	jobs	out	there	when	i	'm	done	.
i	may	have	to	live	somewhere	rural	or	in	auckland	,	but	at	least	i	can	be	pretty	sure	i	'll	be	employable	.
i	've	also	got	a	bachelor	s	degree	so	i	can	go	back	and	do	further	study	or	take	a	different	profession	.
i	also	know	that	you	do	n't	get	paid	that	much	more	in	australia	than	you	do	here	.
and	it	's	not	all	about	how	much	you	earn	,	cost	of	living	is	much	higher	in	many	cities	in	australia	.
try	living	in	sydney	on	a	teacher	's	salary	,	then	compare	it	to	somewhere	like	central	otago	.
you	also	have	to	put	up	with	all	the	annoying	accents	in	australia	.
it	's	probably	not	a	wise	idea	to	keep	studying	and	having	a	massive	student	loan	.
at	the	moment	there	's	no	interest	,	but	that	'll	probably	change	.
and	they	'll	probably	add	interest	to	what	you	've	already	racked	up	.
and	they	're	working	towards	being	able	to	extradite	people	who	have	left	the	country	to	avoid	paying	it	back	.
at	the	moment	if	you	move	overseas	you	can	only	come	back	to	new	zealand	for	a	short	amount	of	time	before	they	'll	force	you	cough	up	.
and	all	that	time	you	're	overseas	you	'll	be	racking	up	interest	.
i	would	n't	like	not	having	the	option	to	return	to	nz	.
i	guess	i	'm	extremely	fortunate	that	i	received	a	scholarship	which	paid	about	800	f	my	course	fees	through	my	degree	.
but	i	worked	hard	and	i	'm	still	working	hard	.
there	are	far	too	many	lazy	people	out	there	who	think	that	they	can	sit	around	a	job	will	fall	in	their	lap	.
my	2	c.	....
get	an	education	!
i	'm	doing	fine	.
whilst	youth	jobs	are	thin	on	the	ground	,	do	n't	assume	it	's	better	in	oz	.
people	have	been	fleeing	this	country	at	roughly	a	plane	load	per	week	for	the	past	20	+	years	,	so	it	's	not	anything	new	.
it	depends	on	what	you	hunger	for	.
700	f	jobs	are	n't	advertised	.
that	means	making	yourself	known	;	that	means	networking	.
why	does	my	baby	king	snake	refuse	to	eat	?
i	have	a	baby	eastern	king	snake	.
i	have	tried	everything	i	can	to	get	him	to	eat	but	he	refuses	.
he	has	a	great	environment	,	with	water	and	lots	of	hiding	places	and	a	heat	lamp	.
as	far	as	i	know	,	everything	is	as	good	as	it	can	be	where	his	aquarium	is	concerned	.
according	to	the	vet	,	he	is	healthy	and	looks	good	.
he	has	been	going	to	the	bathroom	like	he	should	.
-lrb-	i	know	that	snakes	that	have	problems	going	to	the	bathroom	wo	n't	eat	.	-rrb-
he	has	been	drinking	water	-lrb-	i	am	pretty	sure	he	has	been	drinking	it	out	of	his	bowl	,	but	also	i	have	been	feeding	him	water	and	he	does	n't	ever	give	me	a	problem	with	that	-	i	just	stick	his	head	near	the	water	and	he	sucks	it	down	.	-rrb-
i	handle	him	every	few	days	.
he	is	feisty	,	as	most	king	snakes	are	,	but	he	is	a	very	nice	little	guy	-	he	never	tries	to	bite	or	anything	.
i	just	love	him	to	death	.
i	do	n't	know	why	he	wo	n't	eat	though	!
i	have	tried	feeding	him	5	or	6	live	pinkies	and	4	or	5	frozen	-lrb-	thawed	-rrb-	pinkies	.
i	have	never	tried	feeding	him	a	pinky	that	was	bigger	around	than	he	is	.
i	have	tried	putting	him	in	a	small	container	and	putting	him	in	a	dark	place	for	an	hour	or	so	and	he	wo	n't	touch	the	pinky	.
he	crawls	on	top	of	them	but	does	not	try	to	eat	them	.
he	does	n't	seem	to	know	that	they	are	food	.
i	have	tried	"	braining	"	both	live	and	dead	pinkies	,	and	bloodying	them	up	to	get	his	attention	,	but	he	does	n't	care	.
i	have	tried	dipping	both	live	and	thawed	pinkies	in	tuna	juice	,	and	in	used	gerbil	bedding	.
i	have	bought	some	long	reptile	feeding	tweezers	and	have	tried	holding	the	pinky	in	front	of	the	snake	's	face	.
he	wo	nt	even	try	to	bite	.
i	am	very	discouraged	and	sad	and	i	do	n't	know	what	to	do	.
he	has	n't	eaten	in	an	entire	month	.
i	've	only	tried	to	feed	him	one	at	a	time	.
he	's	just	a	tiny	baby	,	about	the	width	of	a	pencil	.
do	babies	this	small	hibernate	?
when	you	feed	him	how	many	pinkies	do	you	feed	him	?
if	you	feed	him	too	many	he	could	just	not	be	hungry	.
if	he	does	n't	seem	interested	in	them	at	all	i	would	say	he	's	just	not	hungry	.
my	boyfriend	has	one	and	when	she	's	hungry	she	attacks	the	pinkie	right	away	.
they	can	smell	it	so	i	'm	sure	he	knows	what	it	is	and	just	do	n't	want	it	.
remember	snakes	can	go	a	while	without	eating	.
in	the	winter	,	they	will	usually	go	deep	underground	and	enter	a	hibernation	-	like	state	called	brumation	,	which	is	characterized	by	a	slowed	metabolism	and	reduced	activity	.
king	snakes	sometimes	stop	eating	,	particularly	during	the	cooler	part	of	the	year	.
they	have	a	natural	instinct	to	hibernate	.
if	the	snake	is	not	pregnant	or	shedding	,	and	its	enclosure	is	properly	equipped	,	a	loss	of	appetite	probably	signals	a	beginning	of	hibernation	.
hibernation	is	natural	,	and	a	necessity	for	snakes	that	are	going	to	be	bred	.
another	thing	that	can	cause	a	king	snake	to	stop	eating	is	shedding	.
you	can	tell	when	your	king	snake	is	about	to	shed	,	because	its	eyes	will	get	milky	looking	.
its	body	will	be	dull	looking	,	too	.
in	a	few	days	the	snake	will	begin	to	shed	its	skin	.
for	example	,	some	snakes	will	routinely	go	off	their	food	in	both	the	summer	and	winter	,	feeding	mainly	in	spring	and	fall	.
it	's	natural	and	so	long	as	you	do	n't	see	any	serious	deterioration	in	their	health	is	nothing	to	worry	about	.
you	see	,	some	snakes	for	no	obvious	reason	will	simply	go	off	their	food	.
they	're	fit	and	healthy	and	their	care	is	suitable	.
hope	this	helped	.
that	's	why	it	's	good	to	have	a	python	!
it	's	twice	my	size	and	eats	a	rabbit	once	a	month	.
are	my	two	cats	fighting	or	playing	?
how	rough	is	too	rough	?
help	!?
i	have	a	1	and	a	half	year	old	male	neutered	cat	and	a	new	2	month	old	spayed	female	kitten	.
the	first	night	i	brought	her	home	i	did	the	sniffing	under	the	door	thing	and	left	it	at	that	.
the	next	day	i	let	her	out	of	the	bedroom	so	they	could	check	each	other	out	,	and	the	kitten	hissed	twice	within	the	first	20	minutes	of	meeting	each	other	and	now	she	no	longer	hisses	and	they	have	been	playing	-lrb-	chasing	each	other	up	and	down	the	hall	,	rolling	around	on	the	ground	and	pawing	at	each	other	-rrb-	.
only	once	it	looked	like	my	male	cat	was	biting	at	her	neck	and	then	her	stomach	and	she	was	meowing	fairly	loud	and	hissed	once	then	he	backed	off	and	now	they	are	fine	.
were	they	roughhouse	playing	?
or	were	they	actually	fighting	?
he	has	been	"	biting	"	at	her	neck	and	stomach	previously	while	they	play	without	her	meowing	or	anything	so	i	m	wondering	if	he	went	a	little	to	far	that	one	time	.
any	answers	help	!!!!!!
you	did	not	leave	the	new	kitten	in	the	room	long	enough	.
you	need	to	do	that	for	a	least	a	week	,	or	else	this	type	of	territorial	fighting	will	happen	.
giving	the	new	kitten	her	own	small	territory	will	help	her	to	feel	safe	and	will	give	her	a	place	to	go	to	when	scared	.
right	now	,	your	male	is	fighting	off	an	intruder	,	and	he	feels	that	all	of	the	house	is	his	.
put	her	back	in	the	room	,	and	keep	the	door	closed	for	a	week	.
then	let	her	out	for	ten	minutes	.
make	it	fifteen	the	next	day	,	then	twenty	,	and	so	on	.
this	will	do	two	things	;	the	new	kitten	will	rub	her	cheek	on	the	furniture	in	her	room	,	making	it	her	territory	.
she	will	start	to	calm	down	and	feel	safe	-	you	can	bet	she	does	n't	now	.
she	knows	she	is	invading	someone	else	's	territory	,	but	ca	n't	help	it	,	and	has	no	where	to	go	.
she	will	be	able	to	sleep	without	being	afraid	.
as	well	,	your	male	will	be	able	to	see	that	his	territory	is	not	threatened	.
when	the	door	opens	,	he	will	get	that	the	one	room	is	hers	,	and	he	will	be	ok	with	that	.
the	territory	thing	will	be	solved	.
your	male	is	hurting	her	to	put	her	in	her	place	-	biting	her	scruff	is	dominance	and	biting	the	belly	is	a	move	cats	use	when	hunting	-	to	pull	the	guts	out	of	their	prey	.
this	is	not	good	.
give	them	time	to	set	up	their	territories	,	and	once	you	bring	the	new	kitten	out	,	pay	a	lot	of	attention	to	the	male	.
you	have	brought	someone	else	into	his	territory	,	and	he	needs	to	be	reminded	that	you	still	love	him	,	and	support	his	claim	to	his	space	.
that	will	help	to	reassure	him	,	and	he	will	be	less	aggressive	with	her	.
when	they	play	fight	,	they	do	n't	hiss	.
if	they	hiss	,	they	are	not	playing	.
if	they	bite	,	and	one	cries	,	you	must	separate	them	,	and	you	must	keep	an	eye	on	them	.
hissing	is	ok	,	unless	they	start	to	fight	.
if	that	happens	,	separate	them	,	and	give	them	time	apart	.
putting	the	girl	in	her	territory	will	make	her	feel	less	afraid	,	and	she	will	relax	.
good	luck	!
a	hiss	is	basically	a	"	get	the	f*ck	away	"	sound	.
it	means	they	've	gone	too	far	.
when	they	start	bleeding	that	means	they	're	really	fighting	.
if	they	're	going	kinda	slow	and	like	fake	biting	-lrb-	not	biting	as	hard	as	they	can	-rrb-	,	and	fake	scratching	-lrb-	not	hitting	as	hard	as	they	can	with	their	paws	-rrb-	then	they	're	playing	.
i	have	two	cats	,	and	at	first	they	hissed	at	each	other	because	cats	are	very	territorial	,	but	now	they	do	fight	and	play	.
the	difference	is	when	the	cat	hisses	,	that	means	they	are	annoyed	and	they	want	the	other	cat	to	go	away	.
that	means	they	are	fighting	.
when	they	are	just	jumping	at	each	other	and	their	tails	are	wagging	that	means	that	they	are	playing	.
i	can	see	how	you	get	confused	though	.	:-rrb-
what	was	the	goal	for	north	vietnam	in	the	tet	offensive	?
when	johnson	deployed	troops	in	1964	he	was	advised	by	the	military	it	would	take	a	half	-	million	troops	about	ten	years	to	pacify	south	vietnam	.
he	refused	to	believe	them	and	ordered	the	military	to	win	the	war	within	two	to	three	years	-lrb-	before	the	next	election	in	1968	-rrb-	.
he	did	not	give	them	the	number	of	troops	they	requested	.
this	left	westmoreland	with	few	options	,	so	he	adapted	a	search	and	destroy	strategy	instead	of	a	clear	and	defend	strategy	which	is	,	in	the	long	run	,	the	preferred	method	of	pacifying	an	insurgency	.
thing	is	,	it	worked	.
the	arvn	was	not	having	a	big	problem	with	the	local	vc	-lrb-	the	guerilla	movement	-rrb-	,	they	were	being	challenged	by	the	main	force	vc	-lrb-	which	was	light	infantry	-rrb-	and	the	north	vietnamese	army	-lrb-	nva	-rrb-	.
when	the	americans	swept	in	with	their	search	and	destroy	operations	the	communists	quickly	leaned	they	could	not	stand	up	to	the	us	firepower	,	and	these	regular	troops	were	forced	to	flee	the	country	and	take	sanctuary	across	the	borders	in	laos	and	cambodia	.
all	those	sunny	reports	about	the	progress	in	vietnam	were	correct	,	the	communists	were	being	defeated	.
however	,	johnson	would	not	let	the	military	cross	the	borders	and	clean	out	the	communist	bases	.
he	was	warned	that	they	were	building	up	a	huge	army	and	would	eventually	launch	an	attack	,	but	he	ignored	his	military	advisers	.
the	communists	agreed	.
they	could	not	defeat	the	americans	.
however	,	what	they	hoped	to	do	during	the	tet	offensive	was	to	sneak	past	the	americans	and	attack	the	arvn	in	the	urban	areas	where	they	were	deployed	doing	successful	clear	and	defend	operations	.
the	communists	thought	they	could	defeat	the	arvn	,	cause	the	fall	of	the	south	vietnamese	government	,	and	the	people	would	than	rally	to	the	communist	cause	and	leave	the	americans	stranded	in	a	sea	of	angry	peasants	.
that	was	the	plan	.
what	happened	?
the	americans	detected	the	attempt	to	infiltrate	the	urban	areas	and	were	already	redeploying	troops	from	the	rural	areas	.
the	arvn	rushed	back	from	holiday	leave	and	counterattacked	.
within	24	hours	every	communist	assault	had	been	defeated	except	in	the	ancient	capital	of	hue	.
the	government	did	not	fall	.
and	the	south	vietnamese	people	?
when	give	the	ultimate	choice	,	they	rallied	.
to	the	south	vietnamese	government	..
tet	was	a	huge	military	and	political	disaster	for	the	communists	.
they	were	chased	back	into	laos	and	cambodia	with	the	arvn	in	hot	pursuit	.
the	people	rejected	their	attempt	to	topple	the	government	,	and	for	all	intents	and	purposes	the	us	military	-lrb-	and	the	arvn	-rrb-	handed	johnson	the	victory	he	had	ordered	them	to	achieve	within	the	time	-	frame	he	ordered	it	.
all	he	had	to	do	for	a	complete	victory	was	allow	the	military	to	go	into	laos	and	cambodia	and	finish	off	the	shattered	communist	forces	.
but	johnson	was	so	obtuse	he	did	n't	understand	he	had	a	victory	when	it	was	handed	to	him	on	a	silver	platter	.
instead	he	pulled	the	military	off	,	stopped	the	bombing	of	north	vietnam	,	withdrew	from	the	presidential	race	,	and	spent	the	rest	of	his	term	in	office	trying	to	surrender	to	north	vietnam	.
they	screwed	up	by	not	accepting	his	surrender	when	he	offered	it	.
the	american	people	were	not	having	any	of	it	,	and	elected	richard	nixon	to	fix	the	mess	lbj	had	made	-lrb-	not	to	surrender	like	the	antiwar	movement	was	demanding	-rrb-	.
in	the	end	nixon	kept	his	promise	for	"	.	peace	with	honor	..	"
but	that	's	another	question	.
to	emancipate	the	south	,	but	it	was	a	serious	failure	.
to	make	the	war	unpalatable	to	the	american	public	.
in	that	,	they	pretty	much	succeeded	.
before	tet	,	the	war	was	unpopular	but	tolerable	to	the	majority	of	americans	in	that	the	loss	of	american	lives	was	seen	as	the	cost	of	subduing	the	vc	and	nva	.
tet	made	it	clear	that	the	war	was	a	long	way	from	being	over	if	the	americans	thought	they	could	preserve	the	south	and	that	the	north	was	perfectly	willing	to	suffer	great	losses	to	continue	their	fight	.
there	is	a	very	good	book	on	the	subject	that	was	written	by	general	vo	nguyen	giap	.
try	google	to	find	the	title	if	you	would	like	to	read	it	.
bearded	dragon	question	...	?
i	just	bought	a	baby	one	yesterday	.
i	have	a	basking	spot	lamp	that	says	it	is	a	double	reflector	that	focuses	35	%	more	light	/	heat	and	provides	beneficial	uva	rays	important	to	the	psycholical	well	-	being	of	him	.
my	question	is	does	that	mean	it	gives	him	not	only	the	heat	,	but	the	"	sun	rays	"	he	needs	?
i	also	was	wondering	how	long	should	this	light	be	on	.
the	lady	at	pet	smart	said	4	hours	,	but	on	places	on	the	net	it	says	10	to	12	hours	.
he	's	getting	used	to	his	new	home	,	but	has	n't	eatin	yet	.
i	have	bearded	dragon	juvenile	food	and	freeze	-	dried	crickets	.
any	advice	would	be	greatly	appreciated	.
thank	you	for	your	time	.
let	me	try	to	break	this	down	as	simply	as	i	can	:	diurnal	-lrb-	active	during	the	day	time	-rrb-	reptiles	like	the	bearded	dragon	require	3	types	of	"	light	,	"	uva	,	uvb	,	and	heat	.
any	white	light	emitting	light	source	will	emit	uva	,	including	heat	bulbs	,	that	's	the	easy	one	to	provide	for	.
uvb	on	the	other	hand	can	only	be	reproduced	by	a	fluorescent	source	.
uvb	will	always	be	a	separate	bulb	from	the	heat	lamp	,	unless	you	use	a	mvb	-lrb-	mercury	vapor	bulb	-rrb-	which	is	the	only	reptile	use	bulb	that	will	emit	both	uvb	and	heat	from	one	bulb	.
i	highly	recommend	that	you	do	not	use	coiled	/	compact	uvb	bulbs	as	they	are	known	to	cause	severe	eye	damage	and	/	or	blindness	in	reptiles	not	to	mention	they	have	trouble	maintaining	uvb	output	over	time	.
the	long	tube	uvb	bulbs	are	best	,	like	zoomed	's	repsitun	model	:	http://lllreptile.com/store/catalog/reptile-supplies/uvb-fluorescent-lights-mercury-vapor-bulbs/-/zoo-med-24-repti-sun-100-fluorescent-bulb/	remember	to	replace	uvb	bulbs	according	to	the	manufacturer	s	recommendation	after	which	time	the	bulb	will	no	longer	produce	uvb	even	if	visible	light	still	is	.
so	,	to	answer	your	question	,	no	,	if	you	just	have	a	bulb	that	says	it	produces	uva	then	you	do	not	have	"	the	sun	's	rays	"	that	your	bearded	needs	.
you	need	to	also	provide	a	source	a	uvb	lighting	.
the	person	at	petsmart	is	very	wrong	;	in	fact	it	is	always	a	good	idea	to	second	guess	what	most	pet	store	employees	tell	you	;	they	do	n't	have	the	best	track	record	regarding	giving	reliable	pet	care	info	.
uvb	and	basking	temp	-lrb-	should	be	about	110	f	for	a	baby	,	95	f	for	an	adult	-rrb-	should	be	available	for	10	-	12	hours	a	day	.
freeze	dried	food	is	not	a	good	staple	food	source	;	you	need	to	offer	live	feeder	insects	.
bearded	dragons	are	sight	hunters	,	they	need	to	see	the	food	move	to	trigger	a	feeding	response	,	especially	when	they	are	babies	.
live	food	is	also	higher	in	nutritional	value	than	freeze	dried	.
crickets	,	silk	worms	,	phoenix	worms	,	and	various	feeder	roaches	,	like	red	-	lobster	,	turkistan	,	and	dubia	,	are	good	example	of	staple	insects	to	offer	your	bearded	.
wax	worms	and	meal	worms	should	only	be	offered	as	treat	items	,	for	variety	's	sake	.
i	would	highly	recommend	that	you	read	through	some	reliable	bearded	guides	to	make	sure	you	have	everything	set	up	correctly	:
http://herp-info.webs.com/beardeddragon.htm
http://www.beardeddragon.org/articles/caresheet/?page=1
mm	it	depends	on	the	size	of	his	tank	or	cage	or	whatever	you	have	him	in	..	atleast	as	far	as	i	'm	concerned	.
if	there	are	shady	areas	he	can	move	to	-lrb-	for	example	a	3	x	5	x	4	tank	with	light	on	one	side	-rrb-	then	you	can	leave	it	on	a	full	12	-	14	hours	,	if	it	s	a	small	tank	and	he	ca	n't	escape	the	light	then	4	-	6	at	most	at	a	time	though	quite	possibly	4	-	6	hours	at	a	time	twice	a	day	.
either	way	you	also	need	to	keep	an	eye	on	the	temperature	if	you	are	using	a	dry	fish	tank	as	uv	lights	in	my	experience	up	the	temperature	significantly	and	without	proper	ventilation	it	can	become	an	oven	.
as	to	what	the	light	provides	it	gives	uv	rays	..	which	is	important	for	health	in	lizards	as	it	is	in	humans	.
that	lady	at	petsmart	is	a	disgrace	to	the	rest	of	us	petsmart	associates	...	sheesh	.
yes	,	it	gives	him	the	"	sun	rays	"	necessary	,	that	's	what	uva	is	.
and	it	should	be	on	10	-	12	hours	,	just	like	the	sun	would	be	up	for	10	-	12	hours	in	his	natural	environment	.
as	for	the	heat	,	just	be	sure	to	use	a	thermometer	.
also	,	beardies	often	do	not	eat	food	that	is	not	moving	,	so	it	s	anyone	's	guess	whether	or	not	he	'll	touch	the	freeze	-	dried	crickets	or	the	processed	food	.
i	tell	all	my	customers	they	can	try	it	,	but	do	n't	count	on	it	.
also	try	green	leafy	veggies	,	like	kale	and	spinach	.
best	of	luck	!
is	a	finch	or	a	parakeet	better	?
i	am	making	a	christmas	list	for	my	parents	and	i	was	going	to	ask	for	a	bird	and	these	are	the	affordable	ones	that	i	like	,	and	i	was	wondering	:	which	would	not	bite	alot	,	and	which	are	more	fun	to	have	as	pets	and	i	need	to	know	which	would	be	quietest	i	honestly	do	nt	care	but	my	family	does	!
please	help	me	!
oh	and	please	say	y	one	is	better	thx	!!!!!!
hi	there	,
please	choose	the	parakeet	...
here	s	my	reason	.....
i	did	the	same	thing	that	you	did	for	christmas	.
i	ended	up	getting	a	pair	of	zebra	finches	for	christmas	.
at	first	it	was	all	cool	and	all	.
they	were	chirping	and	doing	their	every	day	business	.
after	a	couple	of	weeks	i	got	tired	of	them	.
they	are	quite	messy	and	you	can	not	hold	or	pet	them	.
i	ve	tried	to	tame	them	and	they	just	would	not	get	tamed	.
they	do	nt	want	to	be	held	or	touched	.
i	want	a	bird	that	i	can	hold	and	do	tricks	.
i	still	have	them	and	they	are	doing	well	.
a	couple	of	months	after	i	got	parakeets	/	budgies	.
they	are	adorable	they	have	beautiful	colors	and	personality	.
i	love	them	.
first	of	all	they	are	very	tame	.
i	tamed	them	in	4	days	.
they	can	do	tricks	and	they	are	nt	messy	.
the	whole	family	loves	them	.
my	parents	even	plays	with	them	.
they	are	a	big	part	of	our	family	.
i	hope	this	helps	you	with	your	decision	.
they	are	both	about	the	same	noise	level	.
when	choosing	a	parakeet	look	for	a	young	one	.
-lrb-	the	younger	the	eaiser	to	tame	-rrb-	look	for	clean	smooth	feathers	,	beak	,	and	clean	vent	feathers	-lrb-	the	feathers	around	the	butt	..	dirty	vent	feathers	means	the	bird	is	not	healthy	-rrb-	look	for	a	dark	eye	with	no	circles	-lrb-	the	older	ones	have	a	circle	ring	in	their	eyes	-rrb-	.
look	for	a	lot	of	stripes	in	their	head	that	starts	from	the	beak	and	goes	back	to	the	back	fo	the	bird	.
the	stripes	are	like	hair	the	less	stipes	the	older	.
-lrb-	think	of	a	balding	man	lol	-rrb-	look	for	clean	feathers	.
if	you	want	a	boy	the	cere	-lrb-	the	nostrils	piece	above	the	beak	-rrb-	must	be	blue	.
the	girl	has	either	pink	or	brown	.
i	would	recommend	that	you	get	two	parakeets	.
but	get	either	one	male	and	one	female	,	or	two	males	.
do	not	get	two	females	.
they	sometimes	do	nt	get	along	-lrb-	you	know	how	some	girls	are	lol	hahahaahh	but	for	real	though	,	two	girls	tend	to	fight	a	lot	.
i	have	one	yellow	girl	and	a	green	and	yellow	boy	.
they	are	the	best	!
if	you	choose	to	get	a	parakeet	this	is	a	trick	that	i	used	to	tame	them	.
however	if	you	plan	on	getting	one	,	then	get	more	than	one	at	the	same	time	they	need	company	.
my	mom	told	me	how	to	tame	them	and	i	was	very	happy	with	the	results	.
it	took	me	4	days	to	get	the	new	one	to	be	able	to	step	on	and	eat	out	of	my	hand	.
these	are	the	steps	i	used	.
honestly	they	have	worked	for	me	twice	with	my	parakeets	.
hopefully	they	will	work	for	you	.
1	-rrb-	when	you	get	the	bird	,	place	him	or	her	or	them	in	the	cage	.
leave	them	in	there	with	food	and	water	and	such	for	about	2	hours	.
2	-rrb-	then	place	you	hand	in	the	cage	.
i	took	the	cage	and	place	it	next	to	the	couch	.
then	i	sat	on	the	couch	,	placed	one	hand	in	the	cage	,	holding	a	millet	spray	.
-lrb-	this	way	the	will	associate	your	hand	with	food	,	and	birds	love	food	lol	-rrb-	then	i	turned	on	the	tv	and	watch	.
this	way	they	will	see	that	your	hand	is	good	and	it	s	not	going	to	grab	them	or	hurt	them	.
do	this	for	about	one	hour	.
-lrb-	you	can	take	breaks	if	you	have	too	-rrb-	and	repeat	the	steps	after	about	2	hours	.
3	-rrb-	after	about	day	2	,	they	will	start	to	eating	the	millet	spray	from	your	hand	.
-lrb-	do	not	take	away	the	food	dish	from	the	birds	,	they	will	associate	you	as	the	person	who	takes	away	their	food	-rrb-	....
then	take	your	finger	and	place	it	under	their	belly	,	in	front	of	their	feet	and	say	up	.
push	you	finger	to	their	feet	gently	and	say	up	.
-lrb-	the	first	couple	of	times	they	will	fly	all	over	the	cage	but	as	long	as	you	do	nt	jump	back	or	screem	they	will	get	used	to	you	-rrb-	they	will	have	no	choice	but	to	go	on	your	finger	.
when	they	see	that	you	ar	nt	harming	them	,	the	will	go	up	on	your	finger	when	you	say	up	.
4	-rrb-	if	they	are	not	going	up	by	now	you	just	got	ta	keep	trying	and	keep	trying	.
do	not	hit	,	yell	,	or	harm	them	.
you	have	patience	.
do	nt	give	up	!
after	a	couple	of	weeks	mines	knows	when	i	say	shoulder	it	means	ot	go	on	my	sholder	,	when	i	say	up	it	means	to	jump	up	on	my	finger	,	when	i	say	up	and	out	it	means	up	on	my	finger	and	out	of	the	cage	.
and	when	i	say	go	home	it	means	to	go	in	the	cage	.
good	luck	!
they	worked	for	me	and	i	hope	they	worked	for	you	!
they	are	awesome	!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
and	that	s	my	reason	why	you	should	choose	a	parakeet	over	a	finch	.
a	parakeet	is	friendlier
parakeet	.
they	are	normally	quiet	and	it	is	easy	to	take	care	of	them	.
they	are	also	friendly	.
i	have	a	parakeet	named	cookie	.	:p
when	is	the	best	time	to	travel	to	ireland	?
my	sister	and	i	would	like	to	go	to	ireland	.
i	graduate	in	the	spring	,	and	so	we	'd	like	to	go	between	then	and	winter	.
we	do	n't	want	too	many	tourists	,	and	since	we	'll	both	be	out	of	school	we	can	go	anytime	between	the	middle	of	june	to	early	november	.
we	do	n't	want	it	to	be	too	cold	-lrb-	not	sure	when	exactly	there	fall	is	...	or	what	the	weather	is	really	like	there	during	our	autumn	months	-rrb-	,	but	we	do	n't	feel	like	we	need	to	go	right	in	the	middle	of	summer	either	.
we	're	both	in	our	early	20s	and	just	wanting	to	explore	the	beautiful	country	while	we	're	still	young	and	before	our	lives	start	to	get	even	crazier	!
can	anyone	give	me	an	idea	of	when	the	best	time	for	us	to	go	to	ireland	would	be	?
people	do	not	go	to	ireland	on	holiday	for	the	weather	,	it	is	unpredictable	.
one	thing	you	can	be	sure	of	about	irish	weather	is	how	little	you	can	be	sure	of	.
it	may	be	shirtsleeves	and	sunglasses	in	february	,	but	winter	woollies	in	march	and	even	during	the	summer	.
and	then	there	's	the	rain	.
ireland	receives	a	lot	of	rain	,	with	certain	areas	getting	a	soaking	as	many	as	270	days	of	the	year	.
county	kerry	is	the	worst	affected	.
the	southeast	is	the	driest	,	enjoying	a	more	continental	climate	.
the	irish	weather	works	on	the	'	four	seasons	in	a	day	'	principle	,	which	basic	ally	means	that	you	ca	n't	predict	a	thing	when	it	comes	to	the	behaviour	of	the	sky	.
some	basic	assumptions	,	however	,	can	be	made	.
in	summer	,	from	may	to	july	,	the	days	are	reasonably	warm	and	-	most	importantly	-	very	long	:	at	the	height	of	summer	you	wo	n't	need	to	turn	on	lights	until	after	10	pm	.
it	is	also	peak	tourist	season	,	which	means	there	are	far	more	people	just	about	everywhere	but	the	most	remote	corners	of	the	island	,	and	prices	are	at	their	highest	.
not	surprisingly	,	most	of	the	yearly	festivals	occur	during	these	times	so	as	to	take	advantage	of	the	crowds	and	the	more	favourable	weather	.
spring	-lrb-	february	to	april	-rrb-	and	autumn	-lrb-	august	to	october	-rrb-	make	good	alternatives	,	although	the	country	's	ever	-	growing	popularity	as	a	tourist	destination	can	often	blur	the	lines	between	mid	-	and	high	-	season	tourism	.
still	,	you	have	a	better	chance	of	some	peace	and	quiet	,	and	the	weather	can	be	surprisingly	better	in	april	and	september	than	in	mid-july	-	again	,	it	's	all	part	of	the	uncertainty	principle	.
spring	festivities	include	the	ever	-	popular	st	patrick	's	festival	.
although	temperatures	do	not	often	venture	below	freezing	,	winter	-lrb-	december	to	february	-rrb-	can	be	brutal	,	for	huge	parts	of	the	country	-	the	west	and	northwest	in	particular	.
crowds	are	at	their	thinnest	,	but	many	of	the	country	's	tourist	attractions	and	services	close	down	in	october	and	do	n't	reopen	until	easter	,	which	paradoxically	leaves	visitors	with	a	more	convincing	taste	of	how	ireland	is	experienced	by	most	of	the	irish	:	it	's	cold	,	grey	and	dark	by	5	pm	,	but	there	's	always	a	pub	to	escape	into	when	the	rain	starts	sheeting	down	.
the	thing	to	do	is	to	bring	the	right	clothing	with	you	,	clothes	so	you	can	layer	up	if	it	is	cold	and	take	off	layers	when	it	warms	up	.
waterproof	clothing	and	footwear	are	essential	plus	an	umbrella	..
as	that	famous	scotsman	billy	connolly	says	"	there	is	no	such	thing	as	bad	weather	just	the	wrong	clothes	"
afraid	i	can	not	be	more	helpful	,	it	is	really	a	case	of	pot	luck	,	although	as	the	weather	is	so	changeable	often	a	cold	wet	morning	will	turn	into	a	lovely	warm	sunny	afternoon	and	evening	or	visa	versa	.
if	you	mean	the	republic	of	ireland	-lrb-	dublin	-rrb-	then	anytime	.
the	summer	there	is	much	more	mild	than	most	of	the	us	-lrb-	are	you	coming	from	the	us	?	-rrb-	.
their	seasons	are	the	same	as	all	the	countries	in	the	northern	hemisphere	but	i	would	suggest	fall	.
it	does	get	pretty	cold	in	ireland	so	going	before	winter	is	your	best	bet	.
september	for	example	.
rent	a	car	and	spend	a	couple	days	outside	of	dublin	seeing	the	countryside	and	you	will	have	the	trip	of	a	lifetime	.
to	explore	the	beautiful	countryside	you	will	need	to	be	old	enough	to	hire	a	car	because	public	transport	is	expensive	&	only	goes	as	far	as	the	main	towns	/	cities	,	most	rural	places	do	n't	have	a	bus	or	train	service	.
you	could	stay	in	a	city	&	get	a	bus	tour	to	say	the	cliffs	of	moher	or	dingle	peninsula	but	you	will	be	with	all	the	other	tourists	.
by	definition	most	tourists	will	go	to	the	best	places	so	you	might	have	to	put	up	with	a	few	tourists	along	the	way	.
best	weather	the	past	couple	of	years	has	been	around	late	april	-	late	may	but	it	can	pour	with	rain	for	days	on	end	at	any	time	of	the	year	so	be	prepared	with	waterproof	jackets	/	boots	etc	.
we	only	had	a	few	sunny	days	this	summer	,	barely	24	c	on	a	few	occasions	,	more	like	14	c	most	days	.
we	used	our	bbq	on	precisely	4	occasions	.
autumn	is	from	mid	august	onwards	as	far	as	the	weather	goes	if	not	officially	according	to	the	calender	.
the	days	start	to	shorten	&	it	gets	even	wetter	,	windier	&	colder	.
we	had	frosts	in	october	so	i	would	n't	advise	visiting	late	in	the	year	to	be	honest	,	spring	time	is	your	best	bet	.
you	do	realise	it	is	quite	expensive	to	visit	ireland	?
you	are	going	to	need	a	few	thousand	dollars	saved	up	for	flights	,	insurance	,	food	,	accommodation	&	spending	money	.
eating	out	in	particular	is	quite	expensive	compared	to	america	i	believe	.
golden	wonder	killifish	breeding	help	?
i	have	4	golden	wonder	killifish	.
1	of	them	is	really	colorful	and	is	about	6	cm	long	.
2	of	them	are	kinda	whitish	and	are	about	4	-	5	cm	long	.
the	last	one	is	colourful	too	but	it	is	about	4	cm	long	.
i	feed	them	flakes	,	and	live	earthworms	uncut	everyday	.
can	you	tell	me	the	whole	process	of	breeding	them	and	taking	care	of	the	babies	?
thanks	in	advance	.
wow	!
if	they	are	able	to	take	earthworms	uncut	,	that	is	really	impressive	!
i	aspire	to	your	feeding	regime	,	flakes	early	and	something	live	later	in	the	day	.
worms	-lrb-	and	daphnia	-rrb-	are	also	rich	in	lipids	,	substances	important	in	forming	eggs	and	growing	young	.
i	think	that	you	understand	that	your	largest	and	smallest	golden	wonders	are	males	.
if	you	would	like	more	on	sexing	out	aplocheilus	lineatus	take	a	look	at	the	discussion	in	the	first	source	below	.
if	you	have	plants	in	your	tank	.
your	lineatus	are	already	spawning	.
if	conditions	are	favorable	-lrb-	78	-	82	f	-rrb-	and	the	fish	are	obviously	well	fed	as	yours	are	,	they	will	spawn	.
-lrb-	i	've	even	had	a	pair	of	killies	leave	eggs	on	a	floating	thermometer	!
if	you	wish	to	pick	eggs	make	a	acrylic	spawning	mop	.
check	out	the	second	source	.
i	prefer	darker	colors	because	i	can	see	their	eggs	,	more	easily	and	the	fish	look	better	next	to	them	.
use	a	well	rinsed	medicine	vial	,	a	cork	,	new	fishing	bobber	or	even	a	piece	of	non-crumbly	styrofoam	to	float	them	.
there	are	a	couple	ways	one	could	spawn	lineatus	-	mop	spawning	&	water	incubating	them	for	two	weeks	,	picking	eggs	from	a	mop	&	putting	them	in	a	tray	of	treated	,	seasoned	water	or	setting	up	the	parents	in	a	planted	tank	&	moving	them	so	the	fry	can	hatch	out	there	.
if	you	have	the	room	to	separate	the	male	-lrb-	s	-rrb-	&	females	-lrb-	s	-rrb-	,	&	feed	them	well	on	live	foods	,	-lrb-	assuming	that	you	are	doing	weekly	50	%	water	changes	-rrb-	when	you	put	them	together	they	will	leave	a	lot	more	eggs	.
just	making	up	examples	,	but	if	a	pair	is	constantly	together	,	they	may	lay	10	-	15	eggs	a	day	.
with	extra	blackworms	and	maybe	frozen	-lrb-	defrosted	,	rinsed	-rrb-	frozen	foods	earlier	in	the	day	,	they	may	leave	30	-	40	eggs	at	a	time	.
separated	and	feed	extremely	nourishing	stuff	,	they	may	produce	more	.
separating	a	pair	some	time	before	a	show	-lrb-	killies	are	usually	shown	&	judged	&	often	sold	as	pairs	-rrb-	will	encourage	them	to	court	and	show	their	best	colors	.
they	also	start	the	day	with	no	nicks	or	dings	in	their	fins	.
the	water	changes	help	with	that	too	.
you	also	may	need	to	treat	the	incubation	water	.
the	chlorine	and	ammonia	-lrb-	choramine	-rrb-	are	not	good	for	the	eggs	.
ironically	sometimes	it	is	wise	to	leave	the	newly	picked	eggs	in	fresh	tap	water	with	some	chlorination	to	kill	microscopic	critters	that	ride	in	with	the	eggs	.
then	put	the	eggs	in	water	treated	a	couple	of	days	before	with	a	water	treatment	and	left	open	to	"	breathe	"	.
leaving	a	jar	with	a	dozen	black	worms	in	it	will	sate	the	adult	's	desire	for	snacks	and	they	are	more	likely	to	leave	fry	or	eggs	alone	.
if	a	pair	is	n't	leaving	eggs	...	check	the	following	:
1	.	is	a	tank	mate	-lrb-	such	as	another	female	killie	or	a	cory	or	large	snails	-rrb-	rating	the	eggs	?
2	.	have	we	kept	up	with	partial	water	changes	?
3	.	is	there	too	much	mineral	in	the	water	?
aplo.	lineatus	are	wide	-	spread	over	southern	india	.
that	indicates	that	they	thrive	in	different	water	chemistries	.
still	if	you	can	get	your	pet	shop	to	do	a	hardness	or	tds	-lrb-	total	dissolved	solids	-rrb-	test	,	that	may	give	you	a	hint	.
winging	it	a	little	here	,	a	hardness	of	100	to	nearly	200	ppm	-lrb-	parts	per	million	-rrb-	or	5.8	to	10.6	dh	should	be	fine	for	gardneri	.
tds	meters	-lrb-	the	thrifty	aquarist	's	hardness	meter	can	be	used	if	one	has	seen	one	of	your	municipal	water	department	's	annual	reports	.
they	include	a	number	of	minerals	there	and	you	can	figure	out	what	percentage	of	that	would	be	your	hardness	minerals	-lrb-	calcium	,	magnesium	and	iron	-rrb-	.
a	number	of	minerals	are	not	of	much	consequence	.
however	if	there	is	a	high	level	of	sodium	chloride	-lrb-	common	salt	-rrb-	that	can	break	down	the	chorion	-lrb-	shell	-rrb-	around	the	egg	and	allow	critters	to	get	in	and	eat	the	yoke	and	embryo	.	-rrb-
ironically	sometimes	it	is	wise	to	newly	picked	eggs	in	fresh	tap	water	with	some	chlorination	to	kill	microscopic	critters	that	ride	in	with	the	eggs	.
then	put	the	eggs	in	water	treated	a	couple	of	days	before	with	a	water	treatment	and	left	open	to	"	breathe	"	.
if	you	get	eggs	in	the	mail	in	a	medicine	vial	,	that	is	fine	.
but	get	the	eggs	out	,	maybe	rinsed	in	fresh	tap	water	and	then	into	the	incubation	water	.
in	time	the	eggs	can	suffocate	in	the	shipping	container	.
after	a	number	of	people	began	complaining	about	"	mystery	deaths	"	among	incubating	eggs	,	some	of	the	more	advanced	killie	people	began	suggesting	that	after	7	-	8	days	of	incubation	,	one	should	do	a	100	%	water	change	-	as	the	eggs	develop	,	they	do	release	waste	material	.
another	problem	is	that	sometimes	bad	eggs	will	fungus	and	the	fungus	will	spread	out	and	kill	all	the	eggs	.
some	people	put	in	a	very	dilute	acriflaven	solution	to	slow	down	the	fungus	,	so	one	can	take	white	eggs	out	with	a	pipette	or	eyedropper	.
other	will	add	a	drop	of	methylene	blue	.
if	an	egg	turns	blue	,	it	had	died	and	then	became	dyed	as	the	outer	membrane	broke	down	.
get	those	out	asap	too	.
hope	there	is	useful	grist	for	the	mill	here	.
disney	cruise	line	with	young	ones	?
i	will	be	taking	my	3	and	4	yr	olds	.
what	is	the	best	time	of	year	?
should	i	get	a	balcony	?
any	tips	or	advice	to	make	this	a	great	experience	??
thanks	!!!
it	is	vacation	time	.
many	families	are	set	to	plan	a	best	holidaying	.
they	look	for	fun	filled	,	rejuvenating	and	memorable	vacation	.
there	can	be	many	ideas	;	one	can	see	numerous	options	passing	through	their	mind	.
what	is	the	best	option	?
especially	if	you	are	planning	to	spend	couple	days	with	family	and	kids	,	which	best	suit	you	can	select	?
disney	cruises	,	is	a	simple	answer	to	this	.
there	are	many	reasons	to	say	disney	cruise	is	the	best	bet	for	you	to	have	a	enjoyable	holiday	tour	.
from	1998	onwards	,	from	its	inception	disney	cruise	has	attracted	many	and	continue	to	attract	more	and	more	.
this	is	a	spectacular	ship	,	a	very	popular	choice	of	families	to	spend	their	leisure	time	.
the	ship	is	designed	thematically	,	with	imposing	animated	cartoon	characters	.
do	you	feel	that	the	holidaying	with	the	animated	cartoons	will	impress	only	young	ones	?
no	,	the	luxurious	facilities	and	fun	filled	activities	in	the	disney	cruise	are	very	attractive	to	people	of	all	ages	.
whatever	be	the	age	,	you	will	have	the	choice	of	variety	of	activities	to	forget	about	your	hectic	day	-	to	-	day	activities	.
kids	fun	games	and	video	shows	are	added	to	the	other	facilities	.
there	are	two	ships	,	disney	magic	and	disney	wonder	.
both	are	made	keeping	in	mind	the	comforts	of	the	travelers	.
disney	cruises	offer	24	-	hour	room	services	,	and	the	crews	are	ready	to	serve	you	the	way	you	like	.
it	has	got	very	spacious	rooms	,	furnished	completely	and	neatly	.
these	are	decorated	uniquely	and	marvelously	.
the	ship	offers	variety	of	eatables	,	deliciously	made	.
sea	fishes	,	prawns	and	many	nice	options	are	there	in	different	restaurants	aboard	.
there	are	many	good	options	of	delicious	food	on	the	shores	as	well	.
there	are	special	regions	uniquely	and	imposingly	designed	for	the	children	.
they	can	spend	many	hours	enjoying	the	disney	world	magic	.
these	theme	parks	have	all	types	of	facilities	.
video	shows	,	cartoon	stories	,	wonderful	games	and	many	such	facilities	.
it	is	really	an	entertainment	for	the	kids	.
the	amusing	world	of	cartoons	and	stories	will	be	a	memorable	experience	for	the	children	.
there	are	other	amnesties	also	.
these	include	space	for	dances	and	music	,	bar	facility	,	gambling	facilities	for	the	elder	,	spaciously	made	open	area	aboard	and	many	such	nice	facilities	.
also	one	can	keep	their	privacy	in	the	cabins	and	make	the	time	in	seclusion	.
to	relax	and	to	rejuvenate	disney	cruise	are	the	best	option	.
there	are	many	online	sites	offering	the	booking	facility	with	affordable	rates	.
you	can	select	the	proper	route	and	travel	plans	by	consulting	the	agents	prior	to	the	booking	........
off	season	is	good	,	however	,	the	disney	cruises	are	almost	always	completely	booked	.
i	would	suggest	a	warmer	season	,	but	not	spring	break	or	early	summer	.
you	may	also	want	to	avoid	thanksgiving	week	and	the	christmas	holidays	.
we	really	enjoyed	our	balcony	--	coffee	in	the	mornings	,	drinks	at	night	,	standing	outside	when	docking	and	leaving	port	--	however	,	it	is	quite	a	bit	more	expensive	.
with	young	ones	,	i	would	definitely	get	a	window	or	view	room	so	they	can	see	outside	.
check	out	the	kids	'	space	as	soon	as	you	get	onboard	.
do	not	feel	guilty	about	taking	them	there	.
they	have	a	blast	so	the	sooner	they	get	there	,	the	sooner	they	can	have	fun	.
we	liked	getting	the	late	dinner	seating	,	so	you	have	more	time	to	see	movies	and	stuff	but	if	your	kids	are	'	early	to	bed	'	you	may	want	the	earlier	seating	for	dinners	.
bring	some	sort	of	magnet	or	small	magnetic	whiteboard	for	your	door	.
all	of	the	doors	tend	to	look	alike	and	having	'	something	'	on	your	door	helps	you	and	your	kids	find	your	room	easier	.
you	can	also	leave	notes	for	the	rest	of	your	family	-lrb-	husband	-rrb-	about	where	you	are	at	any	given	point	.
cell	phones	do	not	work	on	board	but	they	give	you	a	'	walkie	-	talkie	'	kind	of	phone	in	your	room	that	will	work	onboard	.
each	evening	you	will	get	a	'	magazine	'	called	the	navigator	which	lists	all	of	the	activities	for	the	next	day	.
we	always	took	ours	to	dinner	and	discussed	what	things	we	felt	we	'	had	'	to	do	and	which	ones	we	felt	like	skipping	in	lieu	of	just	chilling	.
any	time	would	be	great	.
off	season	cruises	might	actually	be	better	with	preschoolers	as	prices	might	be	lower	in	the	off	season	.
my	wife	and	i	,	in	our	60's	at	the	time	,	originally	planned	a	3	generation	trip	but	some	family	emergencies	caused	everyone	else	to	cancel	.
we	had	a	ball	.
we	had	an	inside	cabin	and	it	is	what	i	would	recommend	.
there	are	so	many	things	to	do	that	you	will	only	use	your	room	for	sleeping	and	the	extra	cost	of	the	balcony	is	wasted	.
the	children	can	be	checked	in	and	checked	out	in	a	safe	way	at	many	activities	so	you	can	have	a	bit	of	free	time	without	the	little	ones	.
the	range	of	activities	can	be	illustrated	by	describing	the	water	activities	.
there	is	a	splash	fountain	-lrb-	no	standing	water	-rrb-	for	little	ones	still	in	diapers	;	next	is	a	wading	pool	for	those	who	are	potty	trained	;	then	a	family	pool	;	finally	there	is	a	pool	for	adults	only	with	kids	not	allowed	.
you	will	never	be	so	spoiled	in	your	life	as	you	are	on	a	disney	cruise	.
if	you	stay	with	your	dining	schedule	,	every	night	is	dinner	and	a	show	.
the	real	payoff	is	that	you	will	have	the	same	waiter	for	the	entire	cruise	.
our	waiter	quickly	grasped	the	fact	that	i	like	ginger	ale	and	rather	spicy	foods	while	my	wife	's	taste	ran	to	lemonade	and	less	spicy	fare	.
since	they	knew	our	preferences	,	we	almost	always	went	along	with	their	menu	suggestions	and	were	never	sorry	we	did	.
obviously	they	had	a	full	beverage	list	including	alcohol	for	adults	who	wanted	it	.
if	you	should	miss	a	meal	,	you	also	missed	a	great	show	.
but	food	is	always	available	and	it	is	consistently	good	.
i	think	i	gained	three	pounds	in	my	week	long	cruise	.
this	is	about	my	farrier	,	girls	.
that	's	why	i	'm	posting	here	!
help	?
i	posted	this	in	singles	and	dating	too	,	so	i	've	just	copied	and	pasted	.
well	,	i	'll	try	to	make	this	short	.
i	have	known	this	guy	for	a	long	time	,	but	we	've	never	been	good	friends	or	anything	.
he	is	my	farrier	-lrb-	shoes	my	horse	s	feet	-rrb-	so	i	am	technically	a	client	if	you	want	to	view	it	that	way	.
well	,	almost	two	weeks	ago	he	came	out	and	did	my	horse	s	feet	and	was	so	flirty	.
he	always	hugs	me	when	he	comes	,	but	he	gave	me	at	least	5	tight	,	long	,	back	rubbing	hugs	while	he	was	there	.
we	were	also	just	talking	about	my	horse	's	crappy	feet	and	he	mentioned	.
"	well	,	if	you	ever	just	want	to	see	me	i	'll	come	out	and	look	him	over	and	then	we	can	grab	a	coffee	after	.	"
that	has	never	happened	before	so	i	was	kinda	realizing	at	that	point	that	he	was	a	little	interested	.
right	??
anyway	,	so	he	ended	up	leaving	one	nail	out	of	my	horse	s	foot	-lrb-	i	've	never	heard	of	a	farrier	doing	this	-rrb-	and	telling	me	to	call	him	in	a	few	days	-lrb-	first	it	was	a	week	,	then	it	was	a	few	days	lol	-rrb-	and	he	'd	come	back	out	and	put	it	in	.
he	told	me	to	remember	to	call	like	3	times	before	he	left	.
so	,	i	waited	a	week	to	call	because	i	was	busy	and	i	wanted	to	have	him	come	out	on	a	day	when	i	am	more	available	in	case	we	were	to	hang	out	after	;-rrb-
anyway	,	so	that	was	2	days	ago	that	i	called	and	left	a	message	,	but	he	still	has	n't	called	back	yet	.
i	do	n't	know	if	i	should	call	him	again	tomorrow	or	not	?
i	know	a	lot	of	people	say	to	wait	until	he	calls	you	,	but	it	's	different	because	i	'm	a	client	and	technically	that	's	all	i	am	at	this	point	.
on	the	other	hand	though	,	if	i	'm	a	client	he	should	really	of	called	back	by	now	because	you	do	n't	leave	a	customer	hanging	.
he	did	n't	have	my	number	either	because	this	was	the	first	time	i	've	called	him	instead	of	his	dad	.
it	's	a	father	and	son	business	.
anyway	,	i	would	appreciate	any	insight	on	this	at	all	.
thank	you	for	reading	if	you	did	!	:-rrb-
ok	,	well	as	far	as	him	being	a	bad	farrier	for	leaving	a	nail	out	-	that	is	not	the	case	,	they	are	extremely	well	known	farriers	in	the	area	.
i	would	be	a	lot	more	concerned	if	the	shoe	fell	off	because	it	was	missing	one	lousy	nail	.
the	reason	he	said	he	did	n't	put	that	nail	in	was	because	he	"	did	n't	want	to	risk	it	"	with	my	horse	's	horrible	feet	.
this	is	about	the	fourth	time	they	've	done	my	horse	's	feet	because	i	just	switched	back	to	them	.
the	only	reason	i	switched	away	from	them	in	the	first	place	is	because	my	good	friend	who	apprenticed	with	them	was	starting	out	on	his	own	.
however	,	he	left	my	horse	without	a	shoe	for	two	weeks	-lrb-	now	that	's	what	i	call	a	crap	farrier	-rrb-	.
which	,	i	might	add	is	the	same	foot	that	keeps	crumbling	with	the	nails	.
so	,	obviously	i	switched	back	to	these	guys	.
ok	,	calm	down	,	it	's	not	like	he	's	some	stranger	that	came	up	and	groped	me	lol	.
i	've	known	the	guy	for	about	10	years	.
i	am	21	,	so	yeah	we	were	both	kids	when	we	knew	each	other	!
he	is	a	few	years	older	than	me	.
and	yes	,	i	do	like	him	.
to	answer	barry	white	,	yes	that	did	occur	to	me	:-rrb-	i	hope	that	is	all	he	's	waiting	for	.
on	the	other	hand	,	he	could	very	easily	just	call	me	and	say	hey	i	'm	busy	right	now	,	i	'll	call	you	when	i	can	come	out	.
and	as	far	as	scheduled	visits	go	,	i	have	no	idea	.
i	've	never	done	that	before	though	either	.
it	's	always	just	"	okay	,	they're	feet	need	to	be	done	,	better	call	the	farrier	.	"
and	they	usually	come	out	within	a	few	days	.
he	will	call	you	back	i	m	sure	!
sounds	like	he	really	likes	you	..
but	you	need	to	ask	yourself	do	you	feel	the	same	way	?
would	you	like	going	for	*	coffee	*	with	him	?
or	is	he	not	your	type	?
or	are	you	undecided	?
if	i	were	you	i	would	go	...
i	would	say	if	he	does	not	call	you	back	by	friday	call	him	again	he	could	be	playing	hard	to	get	?
i	think	he	left	the	nail	out	of	the	shoe	as	a	excuse	to	come	back	and	see	you	hey	he	may	be	your	prince	charming	..
edit	...	i	really	do	nt	think	your	horse	is	in	danger	of	being	hurt	with	one	nail	missing	..
i	have	seen	horses	loose	nails	on	there	own	and	do	just	fine	with	one	nail	gone	now	if	he	had	left	out	2	or	3	i	would	be	wondering	to	...
i	really	do	belive	he	left	the	nail	out	becuse	of	the	horse	s	hoof	condition	and	it	s	a	added	bonus	he	would	get	to	see	her	again
when	i	was	younger	in	my	early	20s	my	farrier	was	a	hottie	named	joby	..	-lrb-	for	those	who	do	n't	know	i	am	a	girl	read	my	bio	on	my	page	-rrb-	dumb	as	a	post	about	everything	but	horses	..
he	was	in	his	30s	divorced	and	had	2	kids	..	but	we	both	flirted	horribly	with	each	other	..	but	neither	one	of	us	took	the	chance	and	asked	to	other	on	a	date	.	:-lrb-
sort	a	wonder	what	it	would	have	been	like	?
but	that	was	years	ago	.
he	had	this	habit	of	telling	you	everything	..
well	one	day	he	said	to	me	you	know	i	do	n't	wear	underwear	as	he	was	bent	over	working	on	my	mare	s	right	front	hoof	..	and	i	was	like	ummmm	okay	???
i	m	glad	his	butt	was	facing	me	so	he	could	n't	see	my	red	face	i	think	my	mare	was	even	laughing	..
well	6	weeks	later	when	he	came	back	out	he	was	again	working	on	my	mare	s	front	foot	and	i	looked	down	and	yeah	he	had	wholes	in	his	pants	in	the	wrong	places	i	bust	out	laughing	and	he	was	like	what	???
i	was	like	ummmm	i	can	see	your	ass	cheeks	...	he	was	like	oops	did	i	forget	my	underwear	???
that	was	a	strange	way	to	flirt	..	but	i	guss	it	was	his	way	...
but	like	i	said	nothing	ever	came	of	it	..	the	next	time	i	saw	him	he	had	told	me	he	had	to	get	married	to	a	girl	who	he	worked	with	becuse	he	knocked	her	up	..
i	was	heartbroken	..	but	then	realized	he	was	not	the	guy	for	me	..
wow	he	does	sound	interested	in	you	,	my	farrier	never	gives	me	hugs	like	that	-lrb-	probably	a	good	thing	as	he	has	a	wife	and	2	kids	-rrb-	anyway	,	i	find	that	they	can	be	very	busy	so	i	would	wait	a	week	lo9nger	and	if	still	no	reply	give	him	a	call	but	do	n't	leave	a	message	so	you	do	n't	have	to	necessarily	wait	for	him	to	call	.
from	the	point	of	view	of	a	business	,	and	client	/	operator	relationships	,	he	's	doing	a	really	shitty	job	.
leaving	nails	out	so	you	'll	call	and	have	him	come	back	out	later	?
cute	or	not	,	i	'd	call	a	different	bloke	because	he	's	doing	a	sub-par	job	at	something	he	needs	to	be	doing	his	best	at	,	whether	he	's	flirting	or	trying	to	ask	you	out	or	not	,	he	ought	to	put	quality	first	.
this	is	,	after	all	,	his	business	,	and	if	he	wants	you	to	remain	a	customer	why	on	earth	is	he	doing	shoddy	work	?
epm	,	anyone	dealt	with	it	?
might	be	something	different	?
i	have	the	opportunity	to	pick	up	a	super	nice	6	year	old	for	free	.
he	's	not	lame	,	but	he	's	been	having	issues	.
here	's	what	the	owner	has	said	:
i	have	a	5	year	old	that	lost	all	of	his	cheek	muscle	on	the	right	side	about	3	-	4	months	ago	.
i	chalked	it	up	to	possible	nerve	damage	,	because	this	is	what	the	vet	thought	and	the	other	cheek	muscle	was	fine	and	he	had	no	theeth	problems	.
so	i	sent	him	to	the	trainers	the	first	of	september	to	be	started	on	the	barrels	.
i	got	him	back	the	first	of	the	month	and	he	had	lost	some	weight	but	attributed	that	to	be	worked	everyday	-lrb-	i	expected	him	to	drop	some	-rrb-	.
he	is	now	losing	the	cheek	muscle	on	the	left	side	of	his	face	and	seems	to	be	dropping	weight	by	the	day	.
had	him	to	a	dentist	yesterday	and	there	is	no	teeth	problems	.
he	can	eat	all	his	feed	and	does	n't	drop	any	,	but	can	not	eat	hay	from	lack	of	muscle	to	chew	it	.
he	is	gant	looking	in	his	flank	area	and	is	losing	topline	muscle	.
the	only	neurological	sign	that	he	shows	is	that	he	barely	drags	his	toes	and	sometimes	has	trouble	with	his	right	lead	.
the	horse	i	had	posted	about	a	couple	weeks	ago	with	the	atrophied	cheek	muscles	is	down	to	his	last	resort	for	life	.
i	can	not	afford	to	treat	whatever	is	wrong	with	him	.
no	,	i	have	not	done	an	epm	test	but	have	done	an	extensive	blood	panel	and	my	vet	did	a	neurological	physical	exam	.
we	elected	to	not	do	the	epm	test	because	there	was	no	neurological	signs	.
he	is	still	showing	no	signs	other	than	the	weight	loss	,	and	some	muscle	atrophy	.
he	eats	all	of	his	grain	but	it	just	takes	him	a	while	to	get	it	chewed	because	of	the	lack	of	muscle	in	his	jaws	.
so	i	might	get	the	horse	and	see	what	i	can	do	.
i	will	be	getting	with	my	vet	first	and	if	i	do	get	him	,	have	the	spinal	fluid	test	done	for	epm	and	a	titer	test	.
will	be	getting	a	copy	of	the	blood	results	the	owner	has	already	ran	as	well	.
my	other	theory	would	be	wobblers	.
i	'll	be	having	my	equine	chiro	/	acupuncturist	out	to	do	some	work	as	well	if	i	do	get	him	....
so	any	ideas	?
think	i	should	do	it	?
arby	,
horse	is	out	of	state	and	not	local	.
owner	is	willing	to	meet	me	half	way	with	him	.
i	will	be	calling	my	vet	and	chiro	about	him	.
worse	comes	to	worse	,	i	'm	out	of	the	$	$	and	have	to	put	him	down	anyway	or	have	a	pretty	pasture	ornament	.
he	's	still	rideable	currently	and	not	having	many	issues	under	saddle	.
this	is	a	horse	that	i	otherwise	would	n't	be	able	to	afford	and	even	if	i	spend	2	k	and	treatment	i	come	out	ahead	of	his	purchase	price	.
i	posted	what	the	owner	as	said	in	paragraph	2	&	3	,	that	is	not	me	to	clarify	.
she	is	the	one	that	ca	n't	afford	to	do	anything	else	for	him	in	case	he	does	n't	recover	fully	.
he	can	eat	grain	and	i	already	have	a	feed	regimen	in	my	head	for	the	guy	since	he	ca	n't	eat	regular	hay	.
i	do	n't	think	it	will	be	hard	to	keep	his	weight	up	so	long	as	he	can	eat	the	grain	.
i	am	not	going	to	go	pick	up	a	horse	i	ca	n't	afford	.
i	am	willing	to	pull	the	epm	test	and	treat	.
the	owner	is	the	one	who	is	unable	.
i	will	also	be	having	my	other	vet	up	who	's	a	chiro	&	acupuncturist	to	evaluate	him	for	wobblers	.
july	is	when	he	started	to	exhibit	slight	symptoms	and	the	owner	and	vet	originally	thought	it	was	just	some	nerve	damage	from	something	in	the	pasture	with	no	visible	injury	.
he	's	only	exhibited	weight	loss	and	some	muscle	atrophy	,	with	the	slight	toe	drag	and	a	bit	of	trouble	with	the	right	lead	-lrb-	which	could	or	could	n't	be	related	-rrb-	.
the	horse	is	not	in	pain	.
he	's	not	starving	.
he	's	dropping	we
the	horse	is	not	in	pain	.
he	's	not	starving	.
he	's	dropping	weight	,	but	most	of	that	came	from	being	at	the	trainer	s	and	being	ridden	hard	for	60	days	.
he	's	not	putting	it	back	on	.
i	know	that	i	have	the	possibility	of	treating	him	and	still	having	to	put	him	down	.
at	the	same	time	i	do	know	people	who	have	had	horses	come	back	successfully	after	epm	.
i	know	this	is	going	to	be	expensive	.
i	'm	willing	to	give	it	a	shot	.
gallop	,	i	've	already	read	that	whole	site	and	been	reading	through	research	articles	from	the	research	colleges	as	well	.
looked	at	studies	,	treatment	options	and	such	.
i	will	have	the	epm	test	done	before	treating	.
the	chiro	/	acupuncturist	will	be	there	to	evaluate	the	horse	for	wobblers	which	is	often	caused	by	spinal	compression	and	can	be	confused	with	epm	.
if	that	is	the	case	then	acupuncture	is	n't	going	to	hurt	him	.
it	's	actually	one	of	the	alternative	therapies	for	epm
i	think	it	is	wonderfully	responsible	that	you	are	going	into	this	rescue	eyes	open	and	are	getting	the	opinions	of	qualified	professionals	-lrb-	and	a	bunch	of	yahoos	-rrb-	before	you	decide	to	take	this	horse	on	.
i	do	think	some	y!a	users	need	to	work	on	their	reading	comprehension	as	i	ca	n't	comprehend	how	taking	a	horse	in	as	a	rescue	and	getting	it	qualified	medical	treatment	is	abuse	.
worst	case	scenario	you	fall	in	love	and	after	spending	thousands	of	dollars	you	have	to	put	the	horse	down	.
is	that	something	you	are	up	for	?
if	so	go	for	it	and	i	'll	give	you	all	the	moral	support	i	can	as	you	figure	out	what	is	up	.
it	is	heartbreaking	to	try	to	bring	a	horse	back	and	then	have	to	put	it	down	,	but	some	horses	are	worth	the	risk	.
if	you	feel	this	guy	is	worth	it	then	i	hope	your	vet	can	figure	things	out	.
as	to	epm	like	shee	said	being	in	mi	we	've	had	to	deal	with	it	.
pretty	much	every	large	stable	has	here	.
our	first	diagnosed	epm	horse	was	back	when	there	was	no	treatment	in	the	us	and	only	an	experimental	chicken	feed	additive	in	canada	.
we	hauled	the	horse	to	windsor	and	got	him	treated	there	.
that	horse	returned	to	racing	and	we	did	n't	notice	much	difference	.
we	've	had	a	few	since	then	,	but	none	since	our	race	horses	began	wintering	in	florida	.
i	have	no	idea	if	that	is	related	or	farmers	are	doing	a	better	job	of	clearing	out	opossums	now	because	they	know	opossums	are	carriers	,	but	we	have	n't	had	an	epm	horse	in	at	least	10	years	.
i	can	say	all	of	our	epm	horses	were	treated	early	when	they	were	showing	mild	signs	like	shee	gave	and	all	returned	to	racing	.
one	horse	even	got	his	lifetime	mark	after	being	treated	for	epm	.
we	've	always	liked	big	long	trotters	that	do	better	on	mile	tracks	then	1	/	2	mile	.
the	only	difference	we	noticed	is	that	the	epm	horses	seemed	to	do	worse	on	the	smaller	tracks	after	.
it	might	just	be	coincidence	or	the	fact	those	great	big	trotters	with	those	extremely	long	backs	lost	a	bit	of	fine	coordination	to	get	those	gangly	bodies	around	those	tighter	turns	.
i	do	n't	know	.
msu	does	a	lot	of	epm	studies	because	of	how	common	it	is	here	.
you	may	want	to	see	if	you	can	get	in	touch	with	their	epm	group	and	get	this	guy	in	a	study	.
i	know	they	did	lab	work	showing	that	strongid	c	used	daily	could	help	prevent	epm	.
i	believe	they	have	a	real	study	testing	the	lab	work	in	real	world	situations	now	,	but	it	may	be	some	time	before	those	results	are	released	.
another	thought	with	this	being	a	mosquito	season	from	hell	could	it	be	west	nile	?
west	nile	can	cause	epm	like	symptoms	and	does	n't	always	include	a	fever	.
let	us	know	what	you	decide	to	do	.
you	hate	to	see	talent	get	wasted	,	but	honestly	i	do	n't	think	i	could	take	in	a	horse	right	now	these	issues	.
personally	i	think	you	should	just	keep	on	walking	by	.
you	should	have	you	chiro	out	before	you	decide	if	you	want	this	horse	or	not	.
if	you	have	a	good	repoire	-lrb-	which	i	'm	sure	you	do	-rrb-	with	them	,	they	should	be	honest	on	if	this	horse	is	fixable	to	any	degree	...	not	really	sure	what	you	want	to	do	with	him	...
even	if	you	can	figure	out	what	is	wrong	with	this	poor	poneh	,	there	is	always	the	chance	for	remission	and	then	relapse	so	you	may	have	to	do	deal	with	again	in	the	future	.
so	all	in	all	,	put	the	money	up	front	before	taking	on	this	horse	.
a	few	hundred	out	of	pocket	now	will	possibly	save	you	thousands	once	the	horse	is	in	your	name	.
could	he	have	had	a	blow	to	the	head	causing	this	atrophy	?
or	a	difficult	birth	?
was	it	always	like	this	?
or	has	it	occurred	since	birth	.
i	also	wonder	if	he	might	have	had	a	slight	stroke	?
i	think	if	you	can	not	afford	to	get	him	treated	that	you	should	not	consider	him	as	a	prospect	.
who	knows	what	the	future	might	hold	,	and	it	might	be	expensive	?
extremely	bad	customer	service
do	not	go	to	this	salon	,	especially	if	you	have	to	get	your	hair	straightened	.
they	did	a	very	bad	job	with	my	hair	and	were	extremely	rude	when	i	went	back	to	ask	them	why	it	did	n't	work	for	my	hair	.
rude	,	insensitive	,	discourteous	people	!!!!!
great	doc
dr	greenwalt	fixed	my	neck	from	a	snowboard	injury	and	was	way	more	effective	that	a	regular	doctor	.
he	did	nt	prescribe	pain	meds	or	other	drugs	,	he	used	his	bodytalk	method	which	is	unusual	but	the	results	are	undeniable	.
my	neck	is	fixed	!.
he	knows	what	he	s	doing	.
our	wedding	11/7/08
we	just	had	our	wedding	on	11/7/08	and	was	very	impressed	.
cj	and	company	did	all	that	we	ask	and	10	times	more	.
the	food	was	out	standing	.
if	you	need	a	cater	that	is	affordable	and	easy	to	work	with	they	are	the	ones	.
thanks	again	saucey	's	.
mark
excellent	tattoo	shop
i	recently	got	a	tattoo	done	at	aztec	and	i	could	not	be	happier	.
it	came	out	better	than	i	even	imagined	.
the	shop	was	great	,	the	service	was	excellent	and	the	employees	were	fun	guys	.
i	would	highly	recommend	this	shop	to	anyone	looking	to	get	a	quality	tattoo	done	.
good	and	bad
i	had	to	take	care	of	the	ants	myself	.
but	i	found	the	location	wonderful	and	the	neighbors	very	kind	.
never	had	a	problem	with	the	staff	and	found	them	very	helpful	when	something	went	wrong	.
loved	the	pool	and	bbq	.
because	of	the	ants	i	dropped	them	to	a	3	star	.
great	pet	care
i	have	used	just	like	family	several	times	now	and	they	have	provided	great	care	for	my	two	dogs	.
lynda	is	professional	and	has	great	compassion	for	animals	.
the	real	testament	is	not	in	how	much	she	likes	your	animals	but	how	much	they	like	her	.
i	highly	recommend	her	.
i	found	bright	star	tours	and	travels	and	best	and	affordable	tour	operators	and	tours	agents	in	chennai	,	india	offered	me	student	tour	india	package	for	very	less	price	.
i	enjoyed	my	tour	and	i	am	looking	for	adventure	tour	and	india	heritage	tours	for	valuable	.
thanks	for	bright	star	tours	.
these	guys	were	fantastic	!
they	fixed	my	garage	doors	in	literally	less	than	an	hour	.
the	guy	came	on	time	and	did	n't	take	any	breaks	,	he	went	straight	to	work	and	finished	the	job	efficiently	and	promptly	!
i	could	n't	be	more	happier	with	the	way	my	garage	looks	.
great	job	guys	!
a	+
i	would	rate	fran	pcs	an	a	+	because	the	price	was	lower	than	everyone	else	,	i	got	my	computer	back	the	next	day	,	and	the	professionalism	he	showed	was	great	.
he	took	the	time	to	explain	things	to	me	about	my	computer	,	i	would	recommend	you	go	to	him	.
david
this	office	is	awesome	!
everyone	here	is	super	friendly	and	efficient	!
it	s	great	to	know	you	can	get	great	service	,	great	product	,	and	for	the	best	price	all	in	one	!
i	've	referred	everyone	i	know	here	and	they	all	feel	the	same	way	!!
i	'll	be	coming	back	for	years	to	come	!
criminal	attorney	dallas
dallas	criminal	attorney	peter	barrett	is	absolutely	committed	to	vigorously	supporting	your	rights	and	achieving	a	successful	outcome	.
as	a	qualified	criminal	defense	attorney	,	he	will	work	every	possible	legal	"	angle	"	-lrb-	leaving	no	stone	unturned	-rrb-	of	your	case	to	achieve	the	most	favorable	result	possible	.
food	was	cold
i	have	been	here	3	to	4	times	and	every	time	food	they	served	seems	warmed	up	not	cooked	after	you	order	it	.
i	like	my	food	hot	both	ways	not	warm	or	cold	.
price	and	taste	is	good	.
i	will	be	happy	if	they	can	serve	when	food	is	piping	hot	.
kb
fast	and	reasonable	$
we	went	to	kobey	s	on	saturday	and	had	our	whole	team	s	uniforms	done	!
he	was	less	than	half	of	the	price	of	the	cheapest	quote	we	got	,	and	his	work	was	top	notch	.
down	to	earth	and	fast	service	.
going	back	to	have	some	lab	coats	done	this	weekend	!
we	love	little	farmer
we	attend	lftd	and	our	children	love	it	!!
they	even	want	to	go	to	school	on	the	weekends	!!
they	are	preparing	my	older	son	for	kindergarten	and	looks	forward	to	seeing	his	teacher	and	friends	every	day	.
my	infant	is	content	every	day	when	i	drop	off	and	pick	up	.
pat	testing	quick	&	efficient
i	rang	srd	pat	testing	and	within	3	hours	scot	had	come	to	my	premises	and	pat	tested	all	my	our	spill	the	whisky	barn	dance	band	equipment	,	and	supplied	a	certificate	for	only	70	p	per	unit	.
fantastic	,	quick	and	efficient	service	.
how	rare	!
well	done	.
my	favorite	florist	!
i	came	to	la	crosse	to	go	to	college	,	and	my	mom	would	send	me	birthday	flowers	though	here	.
they	were	beautiful	and	lasted	forever	!
now	that	i	live	here	,	this	is	my	favorite	place	to	grab	flowers	for	friends	and	coworkers	!
hands	down	,	best	place	in	the	area	!
i	<3	max	's
excellent	bagels	and	excellent	service	!
i	go	in	about	every	morning	to	get	bagels	for	myself	or	my	co-workers	and	the	employees	at	max	's	are	great	!!
they	are	friendly	and	fast	.
i	have	never	had	a	problem	with	their	hours	because	i	always	go	during	the	mornings	.
they	are	great	!
prepared	the	road	test	with	a	driving	...	prepared	the	road	test	with	a	driving	school	in	edmonton	,	but	my	instructor	only	trained	me	in	a	narrow	street	,	hence	i	took	one	90	minute	lesson	from	the	noble	driving	school	to	learn	the	skill	of	changing	lane	,	and	found	them	very	friendly	and	professional	.
great	doctor	!
dr.	faris	is	a	great	doctor	!
i	would	recommend	him	to	anyone	.
i	was	experiencing	severe	back	pain	to	the	point	i	could	barely	walk	or	even	bare	to	sit	.
i	went	from	a	pain	scale	of	8	-	9	to	0	and	i	was	able	to	run	in	the	crim	just	a	week	later	!!
happy	customer
mr.	squeege	is	the	best	.
prompt	,	clean	windows	.
affordable	pricing	.
friendly	responses	.
how	else	can	excellent	be	described	for	a	business	of	this	sort	?
they	have	been	my	only	"	go	-	to	"	resource	since	we	first	did	business	together	.
you	will	find	the	same	to	be	true	for	you	.
fantastic	place	to	buy	your	next	vehicle
we	have	never	had	a	bad	experience	buying	from	edmark	.
this	is	car	number	3	we	've	purchased	through	them	.
we	trust	and	appreciate	scott	larson	and	know	that	he	will	always	take	good	care	of	us	and	listen	to	our	needs	!
thank	you	again	for	great	customer	service	!
range	rover	sport	window	tints
mark	at	tintman	nationwide	tints	ltd	,	did	a	very	professional	job	very	quick	,	no	fuss	,	deliverd	the	car	to	me	and	i	drove	him	back	home	,	great	arrangement	great	price	!!
highly	recommended	!!
thanks	mark	.
steve	....	proud	range	rover	sport	owner	-lrb-	with	rear	tints	-rrb-
in	this	hard	economic	times	is	very	important	to	save	money	very	reasonable	prices	top	quality	work	the	owner	operator	he	does	all	the	the	work	with	helpers	very	friendly	i	definitely	recommend	this	this	guys	do	n't	get	jack	by	big	companies	that	they	pay	a	lot	of	money	to	be	on	top	of	the	list	thanks
great	pub
had	a	meal	in	this	pub	and	i	have	to	say	it	was	excellant	.
it	has	to	be	one	of	the	nicest	pubs	that	i	have	been	into	in	a	long	time	,	the	decor	is	nice	and	it	has	a	really	nice	garden	and	a	lovely	decking	area	.
good	beer	good	service	and	what	more	could	you	want	.
awful	awful	awful
this	store	is	by	far	the	worst	verizon	store	i	've	been	in	.
the	salespeople	are	never	available	,	the	lines	are	always	too	long	,	and	all	the	people	want	is	a	sale	.
incredibly	rude	and	i	will	not	return	to	it	.
is	there	no	other	verizon	to	go	to	around	downtown	/	dupont	circle	1?!?!?
great	graphic	design	work	!
fresh	design	studio	helped	jump	-	start	my	own	business	by	providing	affordable	and	effective	marketing	materials	:	logo	,	flyers	,	posters	ad	design	,	and	more	.
they	have	unbeatable	price	in	town	and	deliver	on	time	.
i	enjoy	working	with	this	architectural	and	graphic	design	firm	and	will	recommend	to	anyone	.
great	surgeon
i	needed	wisdom	teeth	taken	out	.
dr.	wallen	and	staff	was	excellent	.
they	were	accomdating	with	my	scheduled	and	work	with	my	insurance	to	get	payment	for	the	surgery	.
dr.	wallen	explained	the	procedure	in	detail	and	took	his	time	with	me	.
staff	explained	insurance	procedures	and	was	very	helpful	.
everyone	was	very	nice	.
the	best	in	the	area	!
i	've	been	to	quite	a	few	tattoo	shops	around	this	area	and	stainless	steel	is	by	far	the	best	.
i	am	very	pleased	with	the	tattoos	that	i	revived	from	them	.
the	artwork	is	excellent	and	the	prices	are	very	reasonable	.
i	would	recommend	this	shop	to	anyone	looking	to	get	a	tattoo	.
cathy	******	five	stars	for	lake	forest	tots	.
the	program	has	been	a	postive	experience	for	my	children	.
i	have	had	all	three	of	my	children	attend	lake	forest	tots	.
the	program	is	well	established	and	we	have	been	extremely	satisfied	with	the	teachers	,	the	programs	and	the	director	.
good	job	,	lake	forest	tots	!
great	wine	&	service
this	place	is	so	great	!
they	have	a	great	selection	of	wine	from	all	over	the	world	with	all	different	prices	.
the	employees	make	you	feel	very	comfortable	and	are	very	helpful	,	whether	you	are	very	knowledgeable	or	do	n't	know	anything	at	all	about	wine	.
check	out	their	wine	tastings	every	friday	night	!
a	+
excellent	customer	service	and	honest	feedback	.
the	team	at	bradley	chevron	kept	my	car	running	for	well	past	its	expected	death	!
they	are	honest	about	'	immediate	'	concerns	versus	'	recommended	'	repairs	and	have	very	fair	prices	.
such	a	convenient	location	as	well	with	coffee	shop	and	bradley	food	and	beverage	right	around	corner	.
needs	to	go	out	of	business
they	close	whenever	they	feel	like	it	,	often	well	before	their	listed	closing	time	.
their	store	is	dusty	,	dirty	and	feels	like	you	're	stepping	into	the	1970s	.
they	do	n't	take	coupons	.
they	have	a	credit	card	minimum	.
this	place	is	the	opposite	of	quiktrip	:	crappy	in	every	way	.
where	else	can	you	go	for	$	10	and	recieve	this	treatment	?!
awesome	haircut	at	awesome	price	right	here	in	palatine	!
who	can	pass	up	a	hot	towel	and	a	straight	edge	neck	shave	!
i	've	had	2	cuts	now	from	georgia	and	have	paid	more	in	other	salons	/	barbershops	and	have	not	received	this	kind	of	treatment	or	cut	!
baffled	by	the	one	-	star	reviews
i	do	n't	get	it	.
this	place	is	awesome	,	with	a	great	ambiance	and	cool	decor	,	and	the	food	is	scrumptious	-lrb-	and	especially	their	signature	banana	split	-rrb-	.
sure	,	some	items	are	a	little	pricey	,	but	c'm	on	...	have	you	ever	been	out	to	eat	in	seattle	before	?
i	've	only	had	good	experiences	at	adorn	,	i	was	greeted	and	offered	a	refreshment	.
i	highly	recommend	debi	,	she	does	an	amazing	job	,	i	"	love	"	the	way	she	cuts	my	hair	,	extremely	thorough	and	cross	checks	her	work	to	make	sure	my	hair	is	perfect	.
i	always	leave	loving	my	hair	style	.
best	chineese	food	in	the	area
the	food	here	is	fresh	and	hot	out	of	the	wok	.
the	food	is	cooked	fast	by	the	two	chefs	on	duty	.
the	lunch	specials	are	more	food	than	most	people	can	eat	for	about	$	6	.
it	is	busy	every	day	at	lunch	for	a	reason	,	the	service	is	fast	and	the	food	is	great	.
pure	pilates	!!
it	is	the	real	thing	-	i	have	been	practicing	pilates	for	over	7	years	and	would	not	go	anywhere	else	.
it	is	the	attention	to	detail	and	the	quality	of	the	work	taught	at	tomipilates	that	sets	this	studio	apart	from	the	others	.
the	teachers	are	highly	trained	and	are	expert	at	handling	all	types	of	clients	.
i	phoned	this	company	for	advice	on	our	office	refurb	and	although	we	did	not	use	them	in	the	end	-lrb-	as	our	building	contractor	carried	out	the	electrical	work	-rrb-	,	they	provided	me	with	plenty	of	useful	information	over	an	hour	phone	call	and	subsequently	we	are	now	using	pjc	as	our	electrical	maintenance	contractor	.
thoroughly	recommended
they	really	go	above	and	beyond	!
for	example	,	i	actually	forgot	to	feed	my	cat	,	and	they	went	out	of	their	way	to	take	care	of	him	.
additionally	,	when	there	was	confusion	-lrb-	my	fault	-rrb-	,	they	left	me	flowers	along	with	a	personalized	gift	.
they	have	been	100	%	reliable	and	professional	.
definitely	recommend	!
heating	system	angels
seriously	,	can	you	imagine	having	to	live	through	these	last	few	nights	without	heat	?
i	would	have	had	to	because	with	the	economy	the	way	it	is	i	ai	nt	haves	much	monies	fo	repairs	round	the	house	....
comfort	zone	came	out	and	did	my	house	heat	on	the	cheap	.
and	it	works	!
thank	you	comfort	zone
slowest	,	unfriendly	sstaff	on	weekends
there	are	three	starbucks	locations	that	i	frequent	.
i	have	a	bit	of	experience	watching	the	usual	assembly	line	.
i	also	understand	that	weekend	staffs	are	different	than	daytime	staffs	and	not	necessarily	starbucks	a	-	team	or	even	full	-	time	.
but	this	location	has	the	worst	weekend	staff	i	've	seen	ever	.
skip	te	rest	-	this	is	the	best
absolutely	great	!
clean	,	updated	room	,	friendly	staff	,	safe	location	.
staff	is	super	friendly	,	treat	you	as	a	friend	.
can	not	ask	for	a	better	experience	.
will	be	staying	here	any	and	every	time	i	come	anywhere	near	.
overall	,	joe	is	a	happy	camper	who	has	found	a	great	spot	.
photos	done	well
i	love	hellada	gallery	!
marek	dzida	the	owner	and	photographer	puts	whole	heart	in	his	business	-	if	you	are	into	old	fashion	-lrb-	not	digital	-rrb-	quality	photography	this	is	best	place	in	long	beach	as	i	think	not	many	folks	can	do	affordable	traditional	photos	anymore	i	know	marek	personaly	and	i	will	always	recommend	him
bad	coffee	,	do	nt	bother	!
ca	n't	you	make	a	decent	cup	of	coffee	?
you	charge	so	much	,	yet	you	use	the	same	grounds	over	and	over	again	.
the	coffee	taste	burnt	and	very	bitter	.
no	amount	of	sugar	and	milk	can	mask	it	.
change	the	process	,	ppl	!
westfield	and	rt	1	do	it	well	,	why	ca	nt	u	????
home	made	product
i	sometimes	go	into	this	store	just	for	something	to	do	on	a	sunday	afternoon	.
i	love	the	people	,	the	product	and	the	service	!
nothing	compares	to	a	home	made	product	that	really	stands	the	test	of	time	.	-
the	brick	,	ikea	,	and	leon	's	have	their	place	.
but	furniture	like	this	will	truly	be	around	forever	.
the	internet	here	is	terrible	.
like	the	previous	poster	said	,	the	com	lines	are	split	between	the	entire	building	.
that	's	3	x	worse	than	qwest	dsl	's	lowest	speed	offering	!
the	outward	appearance	makes	you	think	this	place	is	nice	,	but	everything	inside	is	cheap	cheap	cheap	.
moving	out	as	soon	as	our	lease	is	up	.
http://www.speedtest.net/result/1155244347.png
awesome	!!!!
yes	my	g	1	screen	is	back	working	.
they	was	about	to	charge	me	$	129	...
but	i	paid	$	100	.
they	save	me	from	having	to	deal	with	tmobile	...
tmobile	want	to	send	of	my	phone	and	i	did	n't	want	to	go	thru	that	...
3	days	for	get	that	...
great	service	.
i	would	recommend	them	to	anyone	..
great	out	night	!
you	ca	n't	go	wrong	with	tuesday	prices	,	even	if	you	get	quite	the	mixed	bag	of	comedians	!
extensive	drink	list	and	daily	specials	but	wish	they	had	a	bit	more	on	their	food	menu	,	although	popcorn	is	a	nice	touch	!
-lrb-	other	items	:	chicken	fingers	,	wings	,	asian	pizza	,	and	yam	and	regular	fries	-rrb-
their	food	and	sweets	are	awesome	.
but	service	is	very	poor	.
attitude	of	staff	very	bad	.
never	gives	a	receipt	.
sometimes	even	gives	wrong	dish	.
so	confused	at	the	payment	area	.
line	up	is	so	stupid	.
even	if	you	line	up	.
to	make	a	order	you	may	have	to	go	to	back	of	line	.
and	then	wait	again	.
not	organised	.
hair	by	nivine	in	eastgardens	fixed	my	hair	after	i	had	my	hair	cut	and	colored	at	another	salon	i	felt	more	confident	and	the	girls	are	fantastic	and	i	ve	been	going	there	now	for	2	years	always	happy	and	they	care	about	my	hair	had	my	hair	done	for	my	wedding	it	looked	fabolous	!
and	there	prices	are	really	good	!
best	food	in	northeast
there	s	a	reason	why	frank	mcclelland	was	named	best	chef	of	the	north	east	reigon	.
food	here	is	absolutely	superb	.
everything	is	delicous	and	cooked	perfectly	.
the	waiting	staff	is	beyond	impeccable	-lrb-	they	refold	your	napkin	when	you	go	to	the	bathroom	-rrb-	.
if	you	want	great	food	then	l'espalier	is	the	place	to	go	.
i	did	n't	end	up	buying	my	car	here	,	but	i	did	think	the	guy	who	worked	with	me	was	pretty	cool	-	he	was	willing	to	budge	a	little	on	the	price	which	means	a	lot	to	me	.
also	they	will	fill	your	tires	with	air	and	other	small	maintenance	tasks	for	free	,	even	if	you	did	n't	buy	your	car	there	!
the	best	deals	in	town
before	you	buy	anything	in	ny	,	make	sure	you	stop	by	jack	-s	first	.
their	selection	is	random	,	so	what	they	have	on	a	given	week	might	never	be	available	again	at	the	store	.
i	love	it	for	discounted	beauty	items	and	household	appliances	.
trust	me	,	you	go	there	once	and	you	-ll	always	go	back	!
first	time	ballerina
my	daughter	is	starting	ballet	this	year	for	the	first	time	.
i	'm	a	soccer	mom	so	i	was	n't	sure	what	i	was	looking	for	when	it	comes	to	dancewear	.
the	staff	was	very	helpful	and	gave	me	exactly	what	i	needed	for	my	first	time	ballerina	.
the	service	at	instep	was	great	!!
i	would	recommend	them	to	anyone	!
outstanding	service	&	quality	at	a	very	affordable	price	!
this	place	is	top	notch	and	highly	affordable	!
i	would	recommend	it	hands	down	and	am	a	loyal	customer	.
i	've	also	sent	over	a	number	of	friends	to	use	the	services	here	and	everyone	is	extraordinarily	pleased	!
thanks	for	doing	such	great	work	on	my	important	pieces	of	clothing	that	always	look	great	!
tried	crust	on	broad	on	3	occasions	.
twice	for	dinner	and	once	for	lunch	absolutely	rude	service	every	time	!
the	staff	will	not	even	answer	the	phone	for	take	out	.
tonight	,	i	called	several	times	with	no	answer	-lrb-	btwn	5:30	and	6	pm	-rrb-	and	finally	drove	there	to	place	my	order	in	person	.
there	was	not	a	customer	to	be	found	.
we	purchased	a	new	home	but	was	unable	to	sell	our	old	house	so	we	contacted	this	property	management	company	and	they	have	helped	us	quickly	rent	out	our	house	and	keep	it	maintained	.
since	then	we	have	decided	to	have	them	manage	our	other	investment	properties	as	well	as	we	getting	older	and	can	no	longer	perform	all	the	inquires	.
great	help	!
we	just	got	our	sunroom	built	by	patio	world	and	can	say	that	i	'm	extremely	happy	with	the	whole	thing	.
from	the	amount	of	time	spent	with	us	to	explain	things	during	the	initial	quote	,	to	the	communication	through	the	approval	process	to	the	actual	workmanship	of	the	build	itself	.
i	have	nothing	bad	to	say	.
very	glad	that	we	went	with	them	.
no	customer	service
employees	seemed	to	be	having	a	good	time	chatting	and	laughing	with	each	other	,	while	myself	and	other	customers	were	completely	ignored	.
another	person	in	the	store	stood	there	with	an	item	and	repeatedly	tried	to	get	a	sales	person	s	attention	.
it	was	n't	until	he	gave	up	and	walked	out	the	door	that	someone	asked	can	i	help	you	.
do	not	bring	your	car	here
i	got	a	coupon	from	pennysaver	for	this	station	.
yes	,	they	accepted	it	.
however	,	during	the	test	,	they	did	whatever	they	can	to	get	my	test	failed	.
then	,	they	sold	me	overpriced	stuffs	,	such	as	oil	tank	cap	,	so	that	my	car	can	pass	it	right	away	.
i	ended	up	paying	much	more	.
are	you	kidding	me	?
i	do	n't	get	it	.
spongy	and	sweet	bread	-lrb-	microwaved	?	-rrb-	,	heartless	salsa	,	tiny	dogs	...
you	order	at	the	counter	and	there	is	a	space	for	tip	on	your	credit	card	receipt	.
the	dude	who	grills	the	retarded	dogs	is	rude	.
if	this	is	the	best	that	tucson	has	to	offer	,	i	am	out	ta	here	...
i	called	on	a	friday	at	12:30	complaining	of	a	severe	toothache	.
dr.	obina	told	me	that	his	office	closed	at	noon	and	that	i	should	call	him	on	monday	.
i	had	been	a	patient	of	dr.	olbina	for	9	years	and	had	spent	thousands	of	dollars	on	crowns	etc	.
there	are	plenty	of	good	dentists	in	fernandina	.
do	n't	go	to	amelia	gentle	dentistry	.
good	location
for	a	hotel	like	this	you	would	expect	some	form	of	free	internet	.
what	you	get	is	a	$	13	/	day	charge	to	access	the	internet	through	a	slow	512	/	512	kb	/	s	that	you	can	only	use	to	check	email	etc	-lrb-	read	:	no	downloading	-rrb-	.
other	than	that	the	hotel	is	in	a	good	location	and	the	breakfast	is	great
make	you	feel	like	a	number
stay	away	from	kids	first	west	chester	.
you	never	get	a	human	on	the	phone	.
it	's	impossible	to	get	an	appointment	.
if	you	get	caught	in	traffic	and	are	a	couple	minutes	late	they	make	you	re-schedule	...	for	6	weeks	later	.
and	worst	of	all	your	child	feels	like	a	number	not	a	patient	.
go	somewhere	else	.
rcommended	by	bees	,	too	!
highly	recommended	.
joe	removed	a	wasp	nest	for	our	condominium	building	and	we	appreciated	the	environmentally	friendly	method	and	prompt	,	friendly	and	informative	service	.
no	spraying	of	pesticides	!
very	professional	.
reasonable	rate	.
we	highly	recommend	joe	and	his	wasp	removal	service	to	individual	home	owners	and	condos	.
he	knows	his	bees	!
suzanne	,	vancouver
very	accomodating
we	were	in	springfield	,	il	for	a	family	funeral	from	kansas	city	.
we	arrived	early	and	the	staff	was	very	accomodating	to	our	families	and	the	situation	we	were	in	.
the	rooms	were	very	clean	,	including	the	microwave	and	refrigerator	.
this	is	a	nice	place	,	and	i	know	we	will	return	to	meet	my	sister	-	in	-	law	from	chicago	!!
great	service	and	people	!!
deb	watson	is	the	contact	person	and	she	and	the	rest	of	the	staff	were	great	!!!
she	continues	to	help	me	when	needed	even	if	i	have	a	service	question	.
since	i	'm	usually	at	work	late	deb	has	stayed	around	to	help	me	out	when	needed	.
this	was	after	i	brought	the	car	!!!!	!
service	does	not	get	any	better	!!!!
hidden	gem	in	alpharetta
this	french	born	,	french	trained	chef	and	his	creative	partners	offer	a	taste	fresh	,	locally	sourced	,	fabulously	prepared	food	in	the	most	unlikely	of	locations	.
try	their	weekend	"	tastings	"	which	you	can	learn	about	by	getting	on	their	weekly	email	list	.
it	's	the	best	meal	for	the	money	you	will	find	in	all	of	metro	atlanta	.
le	petit	is	the	best	place	to	get	your	nails	done	!
it	is	very	clean	,	staff	is	friendly	,	and	i	have	never	waited	!
i	go	every	other	week	for	the	shallac	/	gel	manicure	which	is	only	$	25	and	it	truly	lasts	2	weeks	!
i	love	it	.
pedicures	are	also	great	.
try	this	place	out	!
i	promise	you	will	not	be	disappointed	!
amazing	pictures	at	an	amazing	price
rendy	is	totally	amazing	.
she	gave	me	amazing	pictures	at	an	amazing	price	and	made	my	wedding	day	so	memorable	.
she	was	way	easy	to	work	with	and	made	my	wedding	day	so	easy	and	she	got	some	amazing	pictures	,	not	only	of	me	,	but	of	my	family	and	friends	.
she	is	amazing	.
i	would	recommend	her	to	anyone	!
so	very	delicious	!
excellent	!
november	7	,	2010	first	time	eating	at	caffe	bella	italia	and	it	was	a	wonderful	experience	.
from	the	delectable	antipasto	misto	to	the	spaghetti	alla	barese	and	the	parmigiana	and	ending	with	gelato	,	all	was	mouth	watering	.
too	bad	they	were	out	of	the	chocolate	lava	cake	.
maybe	next	time	they	will	have	it	.
service	was	excellent	!
sandy
beware	of	sharayu
hopless	service	,	at	the	time	of	booking	my	car	a	lot	was	promised	but	delivered	not	even	one	tenth	of	what	was	promised	.
apart	from	that	in	spite	of	my	repeated	attempts	i	could	not	get	in	touch	with	the	manager	to	even	lodge	an	official	complaint	.
my	advise	to	all	is	i	have	fallen	into	this	trap	...	pl	ensure	you	do	nt	!!!
course	has	come	a	long	way	!!
hcc	's	new	nine	was	a	little	shaky	at	first	,	but	the	new	grounds	superintendant	has	done	wonders	for	the	course	!!
the	comment	below	definitely	needs	to	be	retracted	!
come	back	and	give	hcc	a	second	chance	at	least	!
it	is	a	great	course	for	local	golfers	to	be	proud	of	and	all	the	comments	in	2008	have	been	very	positive	!!
excellent	physiotherapists	!
kusal	goonewardena	and	his	team	of	physios	are	unbelievable	!
i	have	been	suffering	from	back	pain	for	over	12	years	and	have	been	to	numerous	specialists	,	physios	,	osteos	and	chiros	with	no	help	.
it	took	the	vigor	team	only	4	visits	to	get	me	feeling	normal	!
and	now	2	months	after	my	last	appointment	i	am	better	than	ever	.
thanks	guys	!
they	must	have	read	these	reviews	and	improved	!
my	husband	and	i	happened	in	on	a	whim	.
we	sat	in	the	front	dining	area	,	it	was	very	cozy	and	pleasant	.
our	server	was	quite	attentive	and	the	food	was	fantastic	.
my	husband	has	been	a	professional	chef	,	so	he	is	a	good	judge	of	quality	food	.
this	was	a	flavorful	,	enjoyable	meal	for	both	of	us	.
rude	rude	rude
went	in	there	and	got	my	dog	groomed	came	home	to	an	uneven	dog	then	took	him	back	to	get	evened	up	what	a	mistake	!
she	did	nt	even	let	me	finish	a	sentence	without	insulting	me	and	telling	me	how	i	should	have	said	it	!
i	wo	nt	go	back	!
she	needs	to	develop	a	personality	!
brought	dog	home	and	it	s	all	choppy	now	!
it	's	helpful	to	know	a	quite	a	bit	about	bull	fighting	.
if	you	watch	a	lot	of	fights	-lrb-	youtube	-rrb-	and	research	some	of	the	history	-lrb-	http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bullfighting	-rrb-	you	will	find	yourself	enjoying	it	a	lot	more	!
also	after	seeing	a	handful	of	bullfights	,	i	can	say	that	they	're	a	lot	more	enjoyable	if	you	're	smashed	-lrb-	bac	>=	.15	-rrb-	.
all	i	can	say	is	that	i	am	glad	i	went	in	!
the	nurses	are	sweet	as	pie	and	the	doctor	is	wonderful	.
this	place	is	about	healing	,	not	making	a	buck	.
the	followup	visit	is	free	!!
after	going	to	the	hospital	and	paying	er	prices	...	there	is	no	way	i	wo	n't	be	back	here	!!
i	will	be	back	and	telling	everyone	about	this	clinic	.
thank	you	!!
i	just	like	the	fact	that	he	was	able	to	do	the	specific	type	of	repair	i	wanted	-lrb-	a	reball	-rrb-	and	give	me	the	longest	warranty	and	even	a	lower	price	.
someone	else	i	found	that	said	they	could	do	it	but	wanted	to	charge	me	more	and	give	me	less	warranty	.
it	was	a	no	brainer	really	.
i	choose	console	pros	and	i	'm	happy	i	did	.
this	place	is	bad	.
it	's	dark	,	dingy	&	dirty	.
the	salads	are	limp	and	the	rest	of	the	food	is	n't	any	better	-lrb-	ok	,	the	nachos	are	not	too	bad	!	-rrb-
this	place	may	have	been	something	sometime	;	but	it	way	past	it	"	sell	by	date	"	.
i	have	eaten	here	twice	in	the	past	year	and	will	not	go	back	and	can	not	recommend	it	.
top	range	of	bike	,	cheap	prices	,	excellent	a	+++
yep	they	fixeded	my	thumpstar	in	1	day	.
it	wase	nt	going	an	had	a	gear	box	problem	....
i	cold	n't	find	anywere	else	local	to	fix	it	so	i	took	it	there	and	they	fixed	it	for	$	150	...
thanks	guys	goes	really	well	and	thaks	4	the	cheap	price	..
excellent	,	top	guys	a	+++++	reccommend	to	anyone	!!!!!!!!!!
ham	s	on	friendly	...	rip
this	is	the	original	ham	's	restaurant	,	expanded	into	a	regional	chain	in	the	late	80's	--	but	this	one	is	no	more	.
victim	of	hard	times	and	i	suspect	failing	corporate	management	.
according	to	news	accounts	,	the	company	is	struggling	.
i	have	many	fond	memories	of	my	college	evenings	there	long	ago	.
so	long	ham	s	...	you	will	be	missed	.
we	are	very	pleased	with	the	services	of	first	glass	window	.
our	window	panes	were	so	dirty	that	they	needed	a	specialist	to	come	and	clean	them	.
we	called	few	companies	before	we	decide	to	hire	them	.
they	came	on	time	and	completed	their	work	quickly	.
we	were	very	happy	how	clean	looked	our	windows	.
if	you	have	some	problems	with	your	windows	,	you	should	call	them	.
great	help	even	near	closing	time	!
i	came	in	to	town	for	a	week	and	forgot	my	trainers	!
oh	no	!!
i	came	in	30	min	before	close	and	the	staff	was	super	helpful	.
they	spent	a	lot	of	time	with	me	and	got	me	into	a	great	pair	of	shoes	.
i	think	they	may	even	be	better	than	the	pair	i	have	been	using	this	past	year	!
thanks	run	on	!
great
this	is	a	perfect	place	to	get	your	hair	done	.
i	have	gone	there	time	and	time	again	whenever	i	need	to	get	my	hair	done	or	when	i	want	a	haircut	.
when	i	get	my	hair	done	there	,	they	use	enough	hairstyling	products	while	it	does	not	ruin	your	hair	.
the	service	is	great	and	during	weekends	it	tends	to	get	busy	,	but	the	wait	is	worthwhile	.
highly	recommend
i	have	worked	with	shannon	as	my	massage	therapist	and	intuitive	bodyworker	for	years	and	have	never	been	disappointed	.
no	matter	what	state	i	am	in	when	i	arrive	,	i	always	leave	feeling	better	.
she	has	not	only	helped	me	through	some	challenging	computer	-	work	and	sports	related	injuries	,	she	was	wonderful	to	work	with	throughout	my	pregnancy	and	beyond	.
i	highly	recommend	her	.
best	store	in	boothbay	harbor
what	a	fantastic	store	,	i	love	this	place	.
not	the	same	old	stuff	that	all	the	other	stores	have	.
their	items	are	very	unique	,	great	quality	,	great	prices	.
they	also	have	the	best	tea	i	ever	had	,	not	at	all	like	the	junk	you	get	at	the	grocery	stores	,	i	stock	up	when	ever	there	because	they	are	closed	in	the	winter	.
the	best
dr.	aster	and	her	team	have	been	a	strong	advocate	in	the	health	of	both	my	daughters	.
dr.	aster	is	very	kind	an	gentle	with	the	children	,	but	also	positive	and	to	the	point	with	the	parents	.
she	is	and	excellent	doctor	to	have	on	one	's	team	.
even	though	i	live	pretty	far	from	her	office	i	still	make	the	trip	so	my	daughters	will	have	the	best	!
my	wife	and	i	avoided	doing	some	fairly	simple	electrical	re-wiring	in	our	home	for	several	years	due	to	overall	hassle	and	cost	involved	.
i	finally	called	matt	from	bonafide	and	he	made	the	project	both	easy	for	us	and	reasonable	.
he	was	prompt	,	knowledgable	,	friendly	,	clean	and	just	an	overall	great	guy	who	obviously	cares	about	his	business	.
i	will	reccommend	his	services	however	/	whenever	possible	!
real	pros
i	've	had	writer	friends	describe	horror	stories	with	their	printers	.
i	tell	them	:	why	not	just	go	with	these	guys	?
richard	joule	and	the	gang	are	pros	from	start	to	finish	.
they	set	out	to	exceed	your	expectations	.
already	i	'm	considering	future	projects	,	and	i	can	assure	you	that	for	my	printing	needs	i	will	be	choosing	no	other	than	atlanta	paperback	book	printing	.
i	have	been	here	3	times	and	all	3	times	it	has	been	bad	!
they	have	messed	up	my	order	and	....	the	food	was	just	not	good	!
i	had	sonic	in	many	other	palces	but	for	some	reason	this	sonic	is	always	just	covered	in	grease	and	not	good	...	:-lrb-
i	hope	they	get	there	act	together	...
i	am	going	to	give	it	one	last	chance	in	next	few	months	and	see	??
i	called	them	for	an	estimate	and	they	insulted	me	when	i	ask	them	questions	.
they	are	very	rude	and	nasty	.
please	do	n't	use	this	moving	company	if	you	do	n't	want	to	:	cry	,	have	trouble	and	a	bad	experience	on	the	day	of	your	move	.
they	will	give	you	a	low	price	over	the	phone	and	on	the	day	of	your	move	they	will	change	the	price	,	i	guarantee	it	.
you	've	got	maids	did	a	fabulous	job	cleaning	my	home	.
i	am	hiring	them	to	come	once	a	week	now	that	they	got	my	house	to	where	they	can	maintain	it	for	only	an	hour	and	a	half	every	two	weeks	!
satisfactory	for	sure	with	the	sercvice	!
beats	having	one	"	cleaning	lady	"	who	took	twice	as	long	and	did	not	do	a	very	through	job	like	the	"	maids	"	did	!
this	place	has	the	best	baby	and	children	s	clothes	.
especially	high	end	keep	sake	sort	of	clothing	that	you	just	ca	nt	find	in	a	lot	of	stores	.
it	is	all	very	unique	and	you	wo	nt	find	any	other	baby	wearing	the	same	stuff	.
i	spent	quite	a	bit	because	i	spoil	my	little	princess	.
after	all	she	will	only	be	a	baby	for	so	long	i	figure	why	not	enjoy	it	.
antique	lighting	,	fixtures	,	chicago
great	place	for	antique	lighting	!
i	visited	their	huge	chicago	lighting	showroom	and	all	i	have	to	say	is	wow	!!
lots	of	collections	,	many	antique	light	fixtures	,	chandeliers	,	custom	lighting	etc	.
i	think	they	have	the	largest	collection	for	chandeliers	chicago	.
antiques	,	vintage	,	contemporary	&	modern	chandeliers	.
i	would	recommend	them	for	any	custom	lighting	or	lighting	repair	and	restoration	chicago
great	food	awesome	food	awesome	service
i	wanted	to	try	someplace	new	again	.
this	place	rocked	.
brought	my	wife	deb	with	me	and	she	like	the	fried	crab	wontons	and	said	they	were	good	..
we	also	had	the	bbq	spare	ribs	..	good	also	.
i	ordered	the	moo	shu	pork	and	it	was	great	..
i	also	ordered	the	neptune	platter	which	was	awesome	...	so	this	place	gets	5	out	of	5	stars	.
do	not	go	here	!!!
i	went	to	get	my	nails	filled	friday	,	by	monday	2	were	broken	.
i	was	not	happy	with	the	way	they	looked	,	very	wavy	,	uneven	edges	,	and	with	the	exception	of	1	,	there	is	a	dip	in	the	center	of	each	nail	.
i	also	had	a	pedicure	,	and	they	cut	my	nails	too	short	,	one	of	my	big	toes	looks	like	it	s	getting	infected	.
no	way	.
i	'm	certainly	no	expert	on	asian	food	in	fact	not	even	a	lover	of	vietnamese	food	but	i	wanted	to	try	the	real	things	here	at	a	dong	.
cold	,	slimy	,	tasteless	however	is	the	same	in	all	languages	and	foods	.
not	good	,	not	great	,	and	again	another	disappointment	in	central	iowa	.
how	do	these	places	stay	in	business	.
this	town	needs	some	food	soul	and	this	is	not	it	.
worth	every	penny
my	girlfriend	and	i	ate	at	the	grill	last	night	,	and	our	experience	was	amazing	.
everything	we	ordered	was	prepared	to	perfection	,	and	was	presented	perfectly	.
the	asparagus	,	seared	tuna	,	and	lobster	tail	were	the	best	we	ever	had	.
then	the	desserts	came	,	and	they	were	hands	down	the	best	dessert	we	ever	had	.
i	will	sum	it	up	with	,	it	was	worth	every	penny	!
best	chinese	restaurant	ever	!!!
it	was	the	best	chinese	food	i	have	ever	had	.
all	the	food	tasted	excellent	,	and	with	the	new	renovation	of	chairs	and	the	bathroom	,	it	is	awesome	.
the	people	working	their	are	also	extremely	polite	and	friendly	.
every	time	i	go	,	kevin	,	the	manager	,	will	always	remember	my	family	and	i	.
overall	,	it	is	very	family	oriented	,	and	i	recommend	it	to	everyone	!!!
furnace	repair
tiger	heating	is	awesome	.
i	had	john	and	dustin	working	feverishly	to	get	my	exhaust	motor	replaced	.
these	guys	were	absolutely	professional	.
john	was	here	in	45	minutes	after	i	called	on	a	10	below	zero	early	sunday	morning	.
if	you	need	someone	to	help	you	out	with	your	heating	problems	,	i	definitely	would	call	tiger	heating	and	air	.
absolutely	a	wonderful	company	.
my	family	and	i	thank	you	!!!!!!!!!!
they	suck
go	somewhere	else	...
wanted	to	buy	a	rhino	700	and	a	grizzly	700	.
after	searching	high	and	low	for	a	salesman	,	i	was	treated	like	dirt	,	and	we	left	.
parts	department	blows	,	service	department	is	even	worse	.
i	live	10	minutes	from	cycle	city	,	but	i	drove	50	mile	south	to	peachstate	powersports	in	lagrange	,	dealt	with	the	owner	,	levi	,	and	was	well	taken	care	of	.
professional	and	inspiring
nigel	from	nidd	design	has	always	provided	a	first	class	service	,	from	his	advice	and	professionalism	to	the	quality	of	his	design	drawings	and	planning	applications	.
his	knowledge	and	expertise	help	smooth	the	way	with	any	planning	application	,	ensuring	compliance	with	the	building	regulations	.
once	you	have	met	nigel	you	will	not	want	to	work	with	anyone	else	.
he	really	does	turn	your	dreams	into	reality	for	your	home	!
we	came	at	around	730	and	they	close	at	8	and	wanted	to	try	the	specials	but	they	were	out	for	the	day	so	i	would	say	go	way	before	they	close	.
got	the	crab	rangoon	which	was	great	,	tofu	with	cabbage	which	was	spicy	but	good	and	shrimp	satay	which	was	also	good	.
def	going	to	come	back	and	try	this	place	again	.
bea	was	really	nice	and	asked	how	the	food	was	.
cute	place	also
as	a	native	southern	californian	i	can	tell	you	that	this	is	not	authentic	mexican	food	.
however	,	i	still	like	this	place	a	lot	.
esp.	the	mole	,	tortilla	soup	,	and	guacamole	.
margaritas	are	alright	.
my	only	complaint	is	the	queso	.
it	used	to	be	fabulous	,	why	did	you	guys	change	it	??
queso	should	not	be	watery	:-lrb-	.....
***	update	***	never	mind	!
they	fixed	the	queso	!
thank	you	thank	you
there	are	so	many	wonderful	great	places	to	dine	in	houston	....	do	n't	.	waste	your	time	here	.
i	had	the	morelias	enchiladas	.
the	sauce	was	dry	and	the	enchiladas	did	not	taste	good	.	at	all	.
in	fact	my	friend	vomited	after	our	meal	.
maybe	we	ordered	the	wrong	dish	but	my	experience	here	was	poor	.
service	was	okay	not	great	,	we	came	for	a	late	lunch	.
i	do	n't	recommend	this	place	.
skylight	repair
my	skylight	was	making	a	horrible	noise	when	the	wind	blew	.
james	bateman	came	the	day	i	called	and	fixed	the	problem	quickly	and	efficiently	.
he	also	inspected	my	entie	roof	to	see	if	there	was	anything	else	that	needed	attention	.
he	called	the	next	day	to	see	if	everything	was	to	my	satisfaction	.
when	the	next	hailstorm	blows	through	,	i	will	not	hesitate	to	contact	james	at	team	texas	construction	.
tricky	short	guy
the	new	management	is	tricky	and	talk	you	into	getting	video	rental	agreement	.
to	my	surprise	$	20	deposit	....	new	movies	not	on	shelf	..	under	the	counter	for	telugu	speaking	people	only	...	or	people	who	spend	$	30	or	more	groceries	..
that	did	it	for	me	..	no	more	raina	's	.
besides	parking	is	a	pain	..	cramped	and	un-ruly	with	kumon	parents	next	door	....	gives	me	heebee	gee	bees'
small	firm	with	great	service
bloom	legal	was	really	attentive	to	my	problem	,	and	seth	bloom	took	the	time	to	help	me	understand	the	legal	issue	i	was	dealing	with	.
i	much	preferred	the	one	-	on	-	one	service	here	to	the	experiences	i	've	had	with	bigger	offices	and	firms	.
while	i	hope	i	do	n't	have	any	need	for	a	lawyer	anytime	soon	,	if	i	do	i	'll	definitely	use	this	firm	again	.
used	their	service	for	the	first	time	and	was	immediately	impressed	by	their	professionalism	-lrb-	received	a	phone	call	soon	after	order	was	placed	to	confirm	details	-rrb-	and	the	subsequent	delivery	of	my	gift	-lrb-	to	split	,	croatia	-rrb-	was	as	requested	.
the	gift	itself	was	exactly	as	described	and	pictured	in	the	catalogue	and	of	the	highest	standard	.
would	highly	recommend	to	anyone	requiring	overseas	gift	delivery	.
danny	-lrb-	australia	-rrb-
i	love	my	gym	!
fitness	unlimited	is	a	second	home	to	a	lot	of	us	gym	members	who	work	out	daily	.
if	you	are	serious	about	working	out	in	a	non-commercial	like	atmosphere	then	you	have	chosen	the	best	place	to	be	.
this	is	the	most	humble	gym	you	will	every	step	into	....	if	you	dare	to	work	on	your	body	do	n't	be	surprised	when	you	see	how	addicting	going	to	fitness	unlimited	can	be	!!
over-rated	...
this	restaurant	is	over-rated	.
it	is	hard	to	find	...	and	the	mexican	food	is	bland	,	almost	equivalent	to	eating	out	of	a	can	.
the	service	is	poor	...
i	asked	for	a	fried	egg	on	my	enchiladas	...	and	did	not	get	it	.!
secondly	,	the	enchladas	did	not	come	with	enchilada	sauce	..	but	chili	...	like	hormel	's	chili	..	the	cheese	was	american	cheese	!
the	chili	relleno	..	had	no	batter	on	it	.
i	googled	restaurants	in	the	area	and	fuji	sushi	came	up	and	reviews	were	great	so	i	made	a	carry	out	order	of	:	l	17	.
mixed	tempura	.....................	8.25	shrimp	or	vegetable	tempura	&	salad	.
i	was	very	happy	with	the	customer	service	and	even	more	please	with	the	portion	size	,	to	go	box	set	up	and	quality	of	the	food	for	the	price	.
i	'm	very	happy	and	will	definitely	dine	in	and	carry	out	again	.
learn	from	a	cesar	gracie	black	belt	and	former	ufc	fighter	!
when	i	say	jiu	-	jitsu	or	mma	i	mean	it	!
best	jiu	-	jitsu	mma	in	santa	rosa	and	i	have	the	experience	and	belt	to	back	it	up	!
when	you	come	to	ncfa	you	will	see	a	real	instructor	that	teaches	and	trains	everyday	!
if	your	coach	has	no	fights	and	you	never	see	him	train	and	sweat	something	is	wrong	!
dave	terrell	www.norcalfightingalliance.com
good	pizza	at	a	good	price
i	just	moved	nearby	and	have	tried	several	of	the	local	places	,	this	was	the	first	one	and	i	should	have	just	stuck	with	it	.
the	pizza	is	usually	pretty	good	,	the	only	bad	one	we	got	was	on	a	friday	night	and	it	just	needed	to	be	cooked	a	little	more	,	but	it	was	still	good	.
their	bbq	chicken	pizza	is	one	of	the	better	ones	i	have	ever	had	.
horrible	service	!!!
absolute	horrible	service	from	the	parts	department	.
they	are	very	rude	over	the	phone	and	in	person	.
they	talk	down	to	you	like	they	are	supreme	beings	,	if	you	hate	your	job	so	much	then	quit	!!
how	these	guys	can	get	away	with	being	so	rude	with	people	is	mind	blowing	.
i	will	never	do	business	with	sun	toyota	again	.
thank	god	there	are	plenty	of	toyota	dealerships	to	choose	from	in	this	city	.
this	is	a	good	place
i	have	been	here	before	and	the	service	was	absoulutely	great	.
they	had	a	great	selection	of	colors	to	choose	from	and	their	seats	are	super	comfty	.
i	enjoy	going	there	although	i	've	only	been	there	once	,	i	will	be	returning	toda	to	recieve	a	pair	of	french	tips	and	i	will	only	go	to	the	best	and	to	me	the	best	is	here	.
i	reccomend	you	to	go	and	enjoy	their	wonderful	hospitality	.
anna	marie	and	govind	are	very	sweet	people	,	and	the	minute	you	steep	into	their	school	,	the	calm	loving	atmosphere	takes	over	,	and	tension	and	worries	stay	outside	in	the	street	,	whether	or	not	you	pick	them	up	again	after	class	is	probably	a	question	of	practice	.
a	wonderful	place	,	if	you	want	more	than	just	the	physical	side	of	yoga	.
give	yourself	the	gift	of	trying	this	place	,	to	see	if	it	fits	you	...
they	do	n't	seem	to	be	interested	in	selling	cars	.
went	there	yesterday	:	we	are	trying	to	decide	between	two	different	honda	models	,	so	we	wanted	to	test	-	drive	both	back	to	back	.
the	salesperson	refused	!
claimed	he	was	too	busy	for	two	test	drives	.
we	were	the	only	customers	there	!
do	n't	waste	time	,	just	drive	10	minutes	more	down	to	stevens	creek	,	they	actually	do	try	to	help	their	customers	there	!
ate	here	a	couple	times	.
it	is	not	a	high	end	steak	house	,	more	of	the	cuisine	brett	enjoys	in	mississippi	.
so	,	if	you	want	a	burger	and	fries	,	well	,	it	is	ok	.
if	you	want	a	little	cajunish	food	-	it	is	good	.
if	you	want	a	steak	,	well	,	this	is	not	the	best	in	green	bay	.
overall	decent	but	if	you	are	expecting	a	ruth	chris	type	steak	,	this	is	not	it	.
eulogic
good	place	to	be	on	a	sunday	night	.
the	beers	were	good	,	nice	choice	of	beers	as	well	,	and	as	usual	the	mussels	were	great	,	the	place	upstairs	is	a	nice	addition	to	the	bar	downstairs	.
filled	up	on	too	much	beer	and	hence	can	not	comment	on	the	food	.
but	the	menu	had	standard	stuff	that	one	would	get	at	a	belgian	tavern	.
if	you	are	a	handcraft	beer	person	,	this	is	a	fantastic	place	to	be	.
perfect	location	plus
i	moved	into	the	tanglewood	apartments	in	late	2008	and	it	's	been	a	refreshing	change	.
i	used	to	live	at	meadowrun	and	that	was	a	nightmare	.
the	manager	-	tiffany	-	is	actually	very	nice	so	i	'm	a	bit	surprised	by	other	comments	.
she	's	very	reachable	and	she	has	always	responded	quickly	to	any	questions	or	requests	.
plus	she	plans	a	monthly	breakfasts	and	other	events	at	the	clubhouse	which	is	a	nice	added	benefit	.
great	service	/	deals	-	support	this	local	business
i	have	used	these	guys	for	new	snows	,	fixing	lots	of	flats	,	used	replacement	tires	,	and	oil	changes	.
they	have	the	best	prices	locally	and	good	customer	service	.
one	guy	is	a	little	surley	,	but	who	gives	a	crap	as	long	as	your	car	's	work	is	outstanding	.
and	they	're	usually	able	to	help	you	as	a	walk	-	in	,	and	they	're	fast	.
overall	-	good	stuff	.
another	great	business	bites	the	dust	!
the	best	cakes	ever	!
a	bit	pricey	,	so	i	did	n't	go	very	often	,	but	it	was	always	a	treat	when	i	did	.
the	prices	were	worth	what	i	got	.
i	'm	assuming	they	are	completely	out	of	business	since	i	ca	n't	find	any	contact	information	.
i	'm	hoping	the	bakers	continue	to	do	their	baking	out	of	another	place	,	because	it	would	be	a	shame	not	to	have	these	cakes	any	longer	.
super	nice	people	,	really	good	food
what	i	love	most	about	this	place	,	other	than	the	food	,	is	that	eating	here	makes	you	feel	like	you	're	in	a	small	town	rather	than	baltimore	.
the	owners	are	really	nice	,	they	serve	good	food	at	a	good	price	,	and	the	option	to	eat	outside	on	the	deck	-lrb-	esp	on	the	weekend	whether	there	is	hardly	any	traffic	-rrb-	is	great	.
one	of	my	top	5	places	to	eat	in	baltimore	.
overpriced
this	place	is	identical	to	the	youngstown	sports	grille	,	so	i	imagine	they	are	owned	/	operated	by	the	same	people	.
the	food	is	mediocre	at	best	,	and	largely	overpriced	given	the	portion	size	and	quality	.
do	n't	even	get	me	started	on	how	expensive	it	is	to	drink	there	.
i	have	ate	here	3	times	since	they	first	opened	,	and	the	service	has	been	poor	each	time	,	the	staff	always	comes	across	as	somewhat	rude	and	slow	.
apps	4	salad	3	entree	3.5	wine	5	-lrb-	nov	07	-rrb-
enjoyed	this	cozy	little	spot	with	a	group	of	8	folks	.
service	was	excellent	.
food	was	excellent	.
wine	was	excellent	.
i	was	feeling	the	need	for	some	fish	so	i	had	the	salmon	which	was	very	good	but	the	steaks	looked	amazing	and	if	i	am	in	town	again	,	i	'll	definitely	order	a	steak	.
a	perfect	place	for	a	romantic	dinner	.
lots	of	"	pretty	people	"	dining	inside	.
great	staff	.
very	helpful	!!!!
they	interviewed	me	,	gave	me	tests	in	the	software	i	included	on	my	resume	,	and	placed	me	in	a	position	that	i	kept	for	several	years	.
re-interviewed	and	am	going	on	interviews	for	a	new	job	.
i	'm	really	thankful	for	the	folks	at	hr	office	.
they	are	dependable	,	have	great	connections	in	the	community	,	and	are	a	great	resource	for	finding	a	job	.
i	highly	recommend	them	to	all	of	my	friends	!!!!	!
great	experience	-	consider	checking	out	their	puppies	before	buying	from	a	breeder	!
i	adopted	a	3.5	month	old	yellow	lab	last	winter	from	the	dumb	friends	league	.
the	staff	was	very	helpful	in	finding	the	right	dog	for	me	and	the	care	my	pup	received	was	outstanding	.
if	you	are	on	the	lookout	for	a	pure	breed	pup	do	n't	forget	to	check	out	the	shelters	!
my	pup	has	a	wonderful	temperment	and	has	been	a	wonderful	addition	to	my	family	!
food	good	,	service	poor
no	silverware	,	asked	for	a	spoon	for	my	son	s	mac	and	cheese	ended	up	having	to	use	my	tea	spoon	.
asked	for	bar	-	b	-	que	sauce	never	got	it	.
never	checked	back	with	us	once	we	got	our	food	.
had	to	go	the	the	bus	boy	s	station	ourselves	to	get	napkins	.
only	one	server	,	too	buys	talking	with	others	i	guess	.
food	was	good	,	but	service	means	a	lot	to	me	.
dr.	chao	you	are	the	best	dentist	i	have	ever	had	.
you	are	knowledgeable	,	professional	,	gentel	and	kind	.
i	wish	i	had	you	as	my	dentist	early	on	in	my	life	-	maybe	my	teeth	would	have	been	a	lot	better	then	they	are	now	,	however	i	am	glad	you	are	my	dentist	now	.
even	though	you	are	expensive	.
thank	you	for	helping	to	preserve	my	teeth	.
you	are	meticulous	in	your	work	and	it	shows	in	my	smile	.
con	garage
i	brought	my	car	in	for	a	simple	emissions	test	.
i	guess	they	figured	me	for	an	easy	mark	,	and	tried	to	explain	that	my	car	would	n't	pass	unless	i	replaced	a	hose	.
ten	minutes	later	,	i	took	my	car	down	the	street	and	it	passed	the	emissions	test	with	flying	colors	.
if	you	're	a	fan	of	herpes	,	being	ripped	off	,	and	child	molesters	,	this	is	the	garage	for	you	.
if	not	,	go	somewhere	else	.
rude	service
even	though	i	have	never	tried	hoa	salon	but	i	agree	with	other	reviewers	that	they	are	rude	.
i	called	and	asked	about	the	price	for	hair	updo	and	the	receptionist	or	owner	who	aswered	the	phone	refused	to	tell	me	,	or	even	just	give	me	an	approximate	price	range	.
he	told	us	to	stop	by	the	salon	and	then	he	will	tell	us	the	price	.
what	kind	of	rude	service	is	that	?
i	do	n't	want	to	waste	my	time	with	them	.
top	notch	eats	!
so	here	we	are	in	manson	.
manson	?
yes	,	manson	.
right	near	chelan	.
aka	nowheresville	.
and	this	litttle	gem	of	a	7	-	table	restaurant	is	a	complete	and	utterly	wonderful	surprise	.
a	short	but	wide	-	ranging	menu	executed	with	innovative	perfection	in	a	cozy	hole	in	the	wall	just	off	the	main	street	.
fantastic	food	served	without	pretense	,	very	reasonably	priced	wine	selections	.
a	great	place	to	go	for	dinner	after	a	day	of	wine	tasting	.
excellent	service	and	reasonable	prices
boutique	stores	dealing	in	children	's	clothing	/	gifts	are	often	outrageously	priced	-lrb-	who	wants	to	pay	40	dollars	for	a	newborn	onesie	?	-rrb-
but	i	was	pleasantly	surprised	to	find	that	the	purple	goose	's	prices	are	reasonable	-lrb-	for	the	same	products	found	at	other	area	boutiques	,	the	prices	were	20	-	25	%	cheaper	-rrb-	.
the	service	was	also	excellent	-	friendly	,	helpful	and	informative	without	being	overbearing	.
will	definitely	return	.
consistantly	poor
a	lack	of	organisation	,	coupled	with	the	distain	for	its	customers	,	makes	this	the	worst	rental	agency	i	have	used	.
chasing	them	on	issues	from	the	day	i	moved	in	-lrb-	many	of	them	still	unresolved	as	i	left	-rrb-	to	all	sorts	of	farcical	issues	with	funds	,	after	i	left	.	.	.	.	as	soon	as	i	could	.
if	you	must	use	them	,	be	vigilant	and	be	ready	to	push	,	if	you	can	go	elsewhere	then	i	would	.
amazing	night	-	great	party	spot	!!
went	to	the	willow	lounge	this	past	weekend	for	dinner	and	drinks	...	place	is	awesome	.
had	to	keep	in	mind	that	the	a	/	c	broke	,	i	feel	bad	it	was	their	opening	!
anyway	,	once	that	is	fixed	,	this	place	will	be	amazing	.
drinks	were	awesome	,	prices	reasonable	,	and	staff	friendly	.
this	is	an	awesome	date	spot	that	the	area	seriously	needs	.
check	out	the	willow	lounge	,	you	ll	be	happy	!
it	s	been	a	few	years	since	i	have	been	to	ipanema	.
but	my	wife	and	i	first	went	there	thinking	it	would	be	brazilian	food	-lrb-	think	lots	of	meat	-rrb-	,	but	it	turned	out	to	be	a	vegan	restaurant	!
and	,	i	can	say	,	this	was	one	of	my	favorite	places	to	eat	in	all	of	richmond	.
amazing	!
do	n't	let	the	nondescript	building	entrance	fool	you	,	these	are	some	creative	and	talented	chefs	...	two	thumbs	way	,	way	up	!
excellent	food	,	fantastic	wait	staff
i	recently	threw	a	surprise	birthday	party	for	my	wife	at	fraiser	's	.
we	had	30	guests	for	the	event	,	and	everyone	came	away	from	the	evening	impressed	with	not	only	the	food	,	but	the	outstanding	service	as	well	.
the	management	was	easy	to	deal	with	during	the	planning	stages	,	and	the	execution	by	the	kitchen	and	wait	staff	was	flawless	.
i	highly	recommend	fraiser	's	for	anyone	planning	a	special	event	for	friends	,	family	or	business	.
fantastic	store	!!!
i	came	upon	this	store	as	the	building	caught	my	eye	.
it	's	located	in	the	huge	honka	log	homes	building	,	by	walmart	off	of	evergreen	parkway	.
the	store	was	decorated	with	furnishings	&	accessories	.
the	friendly	crew	working	was	great	&	very	helpful	.
this	store	is	what	colorado	is	all	about	.
also	,	i	purchased	some	furniture	last	year	and	all	has	been	great	!
it's	durability	&	look	was	perfect	and	i	will	definitely	be	adding	to	my	collection	soon	!
lovely	people	,	great	hats
i	was	saddened	to	see	the	reviews	that	claimed	world	hats	mart	has	poor	service	.
it	led	me	to	believe	that	the	reviewers	simply	had	difficulty	tolerating	people	with	strongly	-	accented	english	.
the	husband	and	wife	who	run	this	spot	are	lovely	people	.
we	have	had	many	conversations	with	them	and	they	have	always	been	extremely	patient	with	me	as	i	tried	on	multiple	hats	in	search	of	the	right	costumes	for	my	magic	act	.
i	recommend	them	highly	!
do	nt	ever	go	there	,	not	even	if	your	car	flips	.
their	service	sucks	to	start	off	with	,	people	are	cruel	and	ignorant	.
i	'm	compeltly	dissatisfied	with	their	service	and	their	products	.
they	do	not	have	a	return	policy	and	even	if	their	product	sucks	,	they	will	not	take	it	back	!
do	not	ever	go	here	.
i	prefer	advanced	auto	parts	over	this	crappy	place	with	the	meanest	people	.
and	they	thrive	to	get	a	customer	.
do	not	go	here	..	thank	you
horrible
i	have	been	growing	my	hair	out	for	1	year	plus	and	went	in	to	get	1	inch	taken	off	.
i	walked	out	with	5	inch	long	hair	on	the	top	,	2	inch	long	hair	on	the	sides	,	and	1.5	in	the	back	.
my	hair	is	uneven	and	it	looks	rediculous	.
this	woman	should	be	working	in	supercuts	...	if	that	.
this	was	a	terrible	experience	and	i	hope	that	no	one	else	goes	through	that	.
do	your	self	a	favor	and	do	not	go	to	this	establishment	.
the	worst	burger	king	restaurant	!!!
i	generally	like	the	bk	over	the	other	fast	serving	restaurants	;	however	,	i	regreted	to	visit	this	restaurant	at	my	town	.
this	is	a	shame	of	my	adorable	town	,	branford	.
i	ordered	a	kid	meal	with	a	milk	and	found	a	bottle	was	half	opened	already	.
i	asked	them	to	change	it	but	they	rudely	said	that	it	was	okay	.
disgusting	french	fries	is	very	best	menu	.
do	n't	go	,	or	you	will	learn	how	to	waste	your	money	.
disappointed
the	bad	:	i	was	at	napa	recently	and	was	unpleasantly	surprised	at	poor	waiter	svce	and	subpar	food	.
we	were	a	party	of	4	and	none	of	us	were	particularly	pleased	with	our	dishes	.
napa	is	all	about	wine	but	gives	very	short	descriptions	of	the	wines	on	their	lists	.
i	found	my	initial	selection	satisfactory	but	the	wine	flight	we	chose	to	be	poorly	composed	.
if	you	must	go	ask	lots	of	questions	about	your	selections	since	your	expectations	may	as	high	as	mine	were	.
highly	recommended
we	walked	in	to	pick	our	little	man	at	10	minutes	to	closing	and	heard	laughter	from	kids	and	the	staff	.
the	facilities	are	more	than	adequate	and	the	staff	are	just	phenomenal	.
their	sense	of	humour	and	calmness	when	dealing	with	the	little	ones	amazes	me	every	time	i	walk	in	.
we	have	since	moved	slightly	further	away	from	the	centre	but	it	's	worth	the	extra	travel	,	as	the	care	provided	exceeds	our	expectations	...	especially	after	a	few	horrendous	daycare	experiences	elsewhere	.
horrible	!!!!	!
this	has	to	be	some	of	the	worst	pizza	i	have	ever	had	the	misfortune	of	ordering	.
the	crust	was	lopsided	,	thicker	on	one	side	than	the	other	.
it	actually	had	a	hole	in	one	of	the	slices	.
there	was	minimal	cheese	and	sauce	and	it	completely	lacked	flavor	.
i	know	new	york	pizza	and	this	is	not	it	!!
this	was	nothing	like	new	york	style	pizza	!!!.
i	love	pizza	and	this	was	a	complete	and	utter	disappointment	!!
i	would	not	suggest	this	pizza	to	anyone	!!!
best	quote	ever	my	gate	was	stuck	halfway	open	so	i	called	a	class	garage	doors	dr	services	.
they	came	to	my	house	in	no	time	and	started	working	on	the	gate	.
they	were	very	friendly	and	were	able	to	explain	me	exactly	what	was	wrong	with	it	.
once	they	fixed	it	they	answetred	all	of	my	questions	with	no	hesitations	and	then	gave	me	the	best	quote	ever	.
i	know	that	if	my	garage	door	needs	to	be	repaired	,	i	will	be	calling	a	class	garage	doors
you	will	be	happy	at	this	store	!
allen	tire	was	recommended	by	friend	after	my	having	bad	tire	experiences	in	temecula	.
the	store	manager	,	jim	smith	,	made	an	excellent	tire	recommendation	for	my	newly	acquired	lexus	.
tires	were	the	right	price	and	now	the	car	feels	like	it	is	riding	on	rails	around	turns	.
the	store	is	clean	,	run	very	professionally	and	a	pleasure	to	be	in	.
they	know	their	job	and	you	do	not	have	to	watch	them	to	be	sure	everything	is	done	right	.
easiest	time	i	ever	had	purchasing	a	car	!
excellent	service	,	not	only	did	they	get	the	exact	car	i	wanted	win	in	48	hours	but	the	sales	man	also	took	me	out	to	lunch	.
very	kind	and	reliable	.
i	highly	recommend	this	dealership	if	you	would	not	like	to	hassle	on	price	and	receive	friendly	service	.
i	have	since	purchased	two	cars	from	this	dealership	,	the	first	one	was	from	phillip	and	the	second	was	from	richard	.
both	were	excellent	sales	men	who	put	my	needs	first	.
this	place	has	done	a	great	job	of	taking	care	of	the	usual	maintenance	on	my	hooptie	.
i	also	never	have	to	wait	long	for	a	yearly	inspection	sticker	...	and	never	get	the	usual	excuses	other	shops	always	gave	me	...	"	the	inspection	guy	is	n't	here	today	"	....	for	example	.
today	i	went	into	kwik	kar	and	there	were	two	cars	in	front	of	me	for	inspection	...	but	i	was	still	out	of	there	pretty	quick	...	barely	had	time	to	read	a	chapter	in	my	book	.
extremely	helpful	and	professional
as	first	-	time	home	buyers	,	my	husband	and	i	found	stephanie	fairchild	at	prudential	steamboat	realty	,	extremely	helpful	.
she	worked	with	us	for	over	a	year	,	helping	us	find	our	perfect	home	.
stephanie	's	knowledge	of	the	market	and	properties	in	our	price	range	,	made	us	feel	secure	in	our	decision	to	buy	when	we	did	.
we	would	highly	recommend	stephanie	to	anyone	looking	for	a	home	in	the	yampa	valley	.
we	appreciated	her	patience	,	knowledge	and	kindness	!
great	barber
firstly	,	the	other	reviewer	clearly	has	never	been	to	nick	's	,	or	he	would	know	that	nick	only	charges	$	13	for	a	haircut	which	is	pretty	much	industry	standard	.
i	have	been	going	to	nick	for	5	months	now	precisely	because	he	does	pay	attention	to	detail	.
i	have	terrible	hair	and	he	really	takes	his	time	to	make	it	look	right	.
some	of	the	younger	kids	that	work	there	are	a	bit	sub	par	,	but	if	you	wait	for	nick	...	you	'll	be	good	.
ugh	!!!
got	some	nice	"	freshly	baked	"	fruit	squares	,	a	personal	favorite	of	mine	.
took	a	bite	,	it	tasted	odd	.
flipped	the	square	over	and	saw	it	riddled	with	green	mold	!!!!
ugh	!!
i	called	the	store	and	the	clerk	giggled	,	and	agreed	that	it	was	gross	,	but	said	it	was	not	her	problem	.
she	also	refused	to	get	a	manager	.
i	left	my	number	,	or	tried	to	anyway	.
same	clerk	had	considerable	difficulty	taking	down	a	number	.
i	'll	never	go	back	there	again
for	cheap	chinese	food	,	this	is	the	place	to	go	.
i	used	to	eat	at	places	like	new	china	or	green	buffet	in	troy	,	mo	-	nothing	terrible	but	not	that	great	.
now	,	i	wo	n't	eat	fast	food	chinese	unless	it	's	from	this	place	.
the	best	value	i	've	found	from	a	chinese	restaurant	.
i	do	n't	live	in	lake	st.	louis	anymore	,	but	deliveries	were	always	correct	and	the	service	courteous	.
now	i	have	to	be	in	the	area	to	get	some	lovin'	:	sad	face	:
amazing	experience	!
my	experience	was	amazing	at	providence	aesthetics	and	medical	spa	.
jana	kueck	was	nothing	but	professional	.
she	makes	you	feel	like	you	are	the	most	important	person	in	the	world	.
jana	made	me	feel	very	comfortable	.
provided	me	with	warm	blanket	and	has	soft	music	playing	.
walking	in	the	door	you	are	made	to	feel	happy	and	relaxed	.
equipment	is	state	of	the	art	.
i	would	reccomend	anyone	to	go	see	jana	kueck	and	robin	talley	to	see	all	the	many	procedures	they	have	to	offer	.
dave	is	a	patient	and	methodical	teacher	,	who	has	a	great	ear	and	sensitivity	for	his	students	'	passion	and	the	direction	they	want	their	lessons	to	take	.
also	,	he	loves	teaching	so	much	,	his	price	is	unbeatable	,	but	that	does	not	change	his	level	of	skill	.
dave	has	much	to	offer	.
in	just	2	-	3	focused	lessons	,	i	'm	already	now	capable	of	picking	up	new	songs	off	youtube	guitar	how	to	videos	and	am	even	writing	my	own	orginals	with	confidence	!
~	jason
we	love	our	new	roof	!
we	would	like	to	thank	you	for	the	roofing	job	you	did	on	our	home	.
everything	was	done	on	a	timely	manner	and	things	were	cleaned	and	picked	up	every	day	when	the	crew	was	done	.
we	also	liked	the	way	that	ray	checked	on	the	job	every	day	.
and	when	the	job	was	done	every	thing	was	cleaned	up	and	hauled	off	that	same	day	.
we	would	not	hesitate	to	use	spears	roofing	again	.
we	have	already	recommended	you	to	some	of	our	friends	!
omfg
i	fucking	hate	this	place	every	time	i	go	this	hot	chick	shows	up	and	i	mean	really	hot	but	she	is	like	reaaaally	dumb	and	then	their	is	this	other	chick	that	is	realy	ugly	but	she	is	like	super	smart	she	could	be	a	scientist	,	but	then	their	is	this	stoner	who	always	comes	here	high	and	he	always	brings	his	fucking	dog	who	is	so	high	from	the	second	hand	smoke	i	think	he	is	trying	to	talk	.
anyway	we	drive	around	in	my	van	and	solve	mysterys	and	shit
amazingly	yummy	!
i	just	got	back	from	france	yesterday	and	just	missed	the	food	already	!
my	sister	in	law	told	me	about	this	amazing	new	crepe	place	in	town	,	i	was	so	excited	i	just	wanted	to	go	and	test	it	out	for	my	self	!
their	customer	service	was	perfect	!
their	food	was	better	then	anything	i	had	ever	tasted	.
even	in	france	!
i	would	highly	recommend	this	place	to	anyone	looking	for	a	great	atmosphere	,	amazing	food	,	and	great	customer	service	!
thank	you	roll	up	crepes	!
this	is	one	of	the	worst	places	i	have	stayed	,	we	cut	out	stay	short	and	went	to	the	mulberry	.
even	though	they	still	charge	you	the	days	you	booked	but	wo	n't	use	,	it	is	worth	the	get	the	hell	out	of	this	crap	hole	.
the	whole	experience	shows	a	hotel	managed	by	what	must	be	a	2	star	hotel	manager	.
bad	service	starting	from	the	front	desk	.
the	best	person	is	the	valet	.
short	of	that	,	avoid	this	place	,	as	a	silver	marriott	member	,	this	is	a	disgrace	.
best	place	in	ames
i	lived	here	for	two	years	when	the	prices	were	a	little	lower	:-rrb-	the	places	are	very	nice	and	clean	,	and	in	great	condition	!
i	really	enjoyed	the	staff	at	wessex	,	also	the	manager	sherri	was	always	very	nice	and	helpful	.
the	fitness	center	was	great	!
the	only	problem	that	i	had	in	2	years	of	living	there	was	that	the	walls	are	pretty	thin	,	sometimes	i	could	here	my	neighbors	conversations	.
i	would	recommend	these	apartments	to	anybody	!
i	absolutely	loved	living	there	.
the	best	service	ever	!!
i	have	never	had	better	service	.
my	car	broke	down	and	roadside	towed	my	vehicle	to	sussman	kia	.
they	squeezed	me	in	and	had	me	back	up	and	running	in	no	time	.
everyone	was	pleasant	and	very	helpful	.
the	service	department	even	gave	me	a	ride	home	and	picked	me	up	when	my	car	was	finished	.
the	advisor	kept	me	up	to	date	and	informed	on	the	progress	of	my	vehicle	.
i	give	this	dealer	an	a	+	!
i	will	definitely	be	bringing	my	car	back	for	service	.
heaven	on	earthhhhhhh	!!!!
must	try	!!!
a	+++
this	place	is	the	best	.
i	hated	sushi	before	but	now	i	ca	nt	stop	eatting	it	!!!!!!!
nice	service	,	and	excellent	food	.
everything	in	here	seems	to	amaze	me	!!!
their	grill	dishes	are	out	ta	this	world	and	sushi	is	just	fabulous	!!!!
i	eat	here	at	least	5	days	a	week	.
they	have	excellent	sushi	chef	special	rolls	for	a	fair	price	and	so	is	the	grill	orders	.
a	++++	!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
juno	and	open	i	love	you	guys	!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
[	no	homo	]	:d
friendly	,	fine	food
the	one	-	star	review	from	2005	is	out	of	date	.
there	was	a	change	of	ownership	a	couple	of	years	ago	and	service	is	both	quick	and	extremely	friendly	.
the	food	continues	to	be	very	good	--	deli	sandwiches	,	homemade	soups	,	fresh	salads	.
the	atmosphere	may	not	be	for	everyone	.
it	is	a	bustling	place	where	separate	parties	are	seated	at	the	same	table	-lrb-	as	in	many	european	cafes	-rrb-	,	but	if	you	are	ok	with	that	,	the	food	is	very	good	.
love	the	soups	.
the	new	italian	kid	on	the	block
another	italian	restaurant	in	collingswood	?
do	we	need	another	one	?
only	if	it	is	of	the	quality	of	that	's	amore	.
the	menu	has	the	usual	but	then	they	step	it	up	another	notch	.
the	arancini	di	riso	-lrb-	risotto	fritters	-rrb-	are	not	to	be	missed	.
chicken	saltimboca	was	excellent	and	then	there	's	the	chocolate	mousse	that	comes	straight	from	heaven	.
pay	extra	attention	to	the	appetizers	-	the	next	time	i	go	there	i	'm	planning	on	ordered	a	few	instead	of	an	entree	.
auto	towing	is	one	of	the	best	towing	services	i	have	used	.
the	first	time	i	used	them	they	arrived	on	time	and	towed	car	for	me	to	the	destination	i	needed	.
the	auto	mechanics	that	work	for	auto	towing	are	very	friendly	and	informative	and	answered	any	question	i	had	.
they	have	towed	car	for	me	a	few	times	and	i	am	always	very	satisfied	with	this	services	.
if	you	are	looking	for	towing	services	that	can	offer	you	a	good	towed	car	service	,	then	auto	towing	is	the	company	for	you	.
a	very	satisfied	new	customer	!
as	a	very	satisfied	new	customer	,	i	wholeheartedly	recommend	united	air	duct	cleaning	.
they	are	professional	,	knowledgeable	,	and	take	meticulous	care	and	pride	in	accomplishing	their	work	.
not	only	were	my	wife	and	i	very	pleased	,	but	i	also	had	the	air	duct	quality	tested	professionally	by	the	home	inspector	that	i	regularly	use	,	before	and	after	united	air	duct	performed	their	work	.
based	on	the	test	results	,	the	home	inspector	stated	that	the	quality	of	their	job	was	"	excellent	"	.
the	best	breakfast	in	solana	beach	!
we	love	t	's	cafe	!
without	a	doubt	the	best	place	to	grab	a	tall	bloody	mary	and	some	eggs	benedict	.
t	's	has	been	a	north	county	landmark	for	thirty	years	and	with	good	reason	.
family	owned	and	operated	makes	sure	the	atmosphere	is	relaxed	and	the	food	home	-	cooked	with	style	.
i	highly	recommend	picking	up	a	jug	of	their	homemade	bloody	mary	mix	-	definitely	the	best	.
if	you	've	been	to	north	county	,	chances	are	it	's	in	your	favorites	list	already	.
prominent	builders	nj
prominent	builders	in	new	jersey	are	one	the	best	building	contractors	,	i	was	referred	to	them	by	my	friend	,	i	am	so	glad	i	used	them	for	my	home	renovation	,	and	addition	.
they	were	very	professional	,	respectful	,	completed	the	job	on	time	,	and	well	below	my	budget	.
mike	one	of	owners	was	awesome	,	he	explained	the	detailed	plan	,	and	executed	on	time	,	i	am	always	going	use	them	and	refer	them	to	many	friends	i	can	because	of	the	great	job	they	did	me	.
great	dude	cut	!
great	service	,	cool	vibe	,	impeccable	style	.
i	'm	a	guy	with	tricky	hair	so	getting	that	right	is	job	#	1	.
after	going	through	5	other	places	i	finally	found	janice	at	alta	moda	.
not	only	was	it	a	good	cut	but	my	wife	and	friends	comment	on	my	hair	every	time	i	leave	...	saying	it	's	the	best	look	i	've	ever	had	.
either	i	suck	at	my	own	style	or	janice	is	a	genius	.
looks	like	there	's	a	lot	of	talent	in	this	place	.
worth	every	penny	.
my	favorite	place	at	wildwood
i	have	been	going	to	the	wildwood	,	nj	for	over	30	years	for	summer	vacations	and	always	call	the	madrid	first	.
i	rated	it	5	stars	.
i	am	not	saying	it	is	a	5	star	hotel	.
i	am	saying	when	comparing	all	other	hotels	in	wildwood	,	this	hotel	has	everything	that	we	are	looking	for	.
it	is	the	hospitality	from	tom	and	staff	,	that	makes	it	feel	like	a	5	star	hotel	in	the	middle	of	the	beach	.
we	prefer	the	layout	of	rooms	and	it	is	always	clean	.
when	in	scordia	,	sicily
if	ever	in	sicily	please	take	the	time	to	visit	anna	maria	jose	mudo	and	her	familia	.
they	are	and	always	will	be	the	nicest	people	in	sicily	that	you	will	meet	.
you	will	also	have	the	pleasure	of	learning	the	italiano	language	.
you	will	also	have	the	experience	of	learning	the	bella	sicilian	culture	,	that	i	have	fallen	in	luv	with	.
i	will	4	-	ever	be	eternally	grateful	for	their	hospitality	and	luv	that	my	sicilian	family	showed	me	when	i	was	there	for	3	years	.
luv	always	..
i	've	never	felt	the	need	to	write	a	review	or	make	a	complaint	before	,	but	after	the	way	i	was	spoken	to	by	a	member	of	staff	at	the	kennels	-lrb-	whose	name	i	believe	to	be	mrs	closs	-rrb-	i	would	now	not	recommend	this	business	to	anybody	.
if	the	animals	are	treated	in	the	same	way	the	customers	are	treated	then	this	leaves	a	lot	to	be	desired	!
nobody	should	be	spoken	to	like	that	regardless	of	how	bad	their	day	may	have	been	or	what	may	be	going	on	in	their	private	lives	!
best	car	dealer	in	tx
i	purchased	a	nissan	from	this	dealship	.
the	sales	men	were	very	knowledgeable	about	every	aspect	of	every	car	we	looked	at	.
they	were	very	patient	and	helpful	from	showing	the	cars	to	doing	the	paperwork	.
the	paperwork	was	a	very	easy	and	smooth	.
they	tried	to	run	my	credit	score	as	less	as	possible	so	it	wo	n't	hurt	my	score	.
overall	,	i	was	very	happy	with	the	customer	service	and	my	purchase	.
if	you	're	looking	to	buy	a	car	,	definitely	give	them	a	call	.
they	have	a	huge	inventory	.
i	have	been	a	patient	a	nw	hospital	and	it	was	great	.
i	have	also	had	an	80	yr	old	that	i	take	of	sent	to	the	er	and	long	stays	in	the	hospital	.
yes	,	we	had	to	wait	,	but	er	is	a	triage	system	that	takes	the	most	life	threatening	cases	first	.
any	er	would	be	the	same	.
as	far	as	being	treated	like	a	drug	seeker	,	that	has	not	been	my	experience	.
as	a	nurse	i	know	about	drug	seekers	.
this	is	a	great	hospital	and	even	better	since	it	became	part	of	the	uw	system	.
wonderful	experience
i	had	immense	pain	on	a	sunday	morning	,	with	friends	and	family	telling	me	that	i	would	never	find	a	dentist	on	a	sunday	.
dr.	taylor	was	not	only	available	on	a	sunday	,	but	also	was	able	to	immediately	take	care	of	me	.
he	was	incredibly	informative	about	the	options	i	had	,	giving	me	opinions	on	different	treatments	to	choose	from	.
coming	from	a	person	who	hates	the	dentist	in	general	,	dr.	taylor	was	the	best	!
he	really	made	the	visit	a	pain	free	one	with	excellent	service	!
i	would	recommend	him	to	everyone	!
horrible
this	school	is	the	worst	one	i	've	ever	been	to	.
i	attended	it	for	2	years	,	and	that	was	enough	.
there	's	holes	everywhere	in	the	ceiling	,	sewage	constantly	leaks	through	the	ceiling	,	and	the	whole	condition	of	the	school	is	horrible	.
the	staff	and	the	principal	are	rediculous	,	they	do	n't	listen	to	any	input	,	and	they	make	up	rediculous	rules	-lrb-	they	banned	backpacks	,	because	a	teacher	tripped	over	a	student	's	-rrb-	.
the	education	is	horrible	at	best	,	do	society	a	favor	,	and	do	not	send	your	student	here	.
excellent	customer	service	and	quality	work	.
they	went	the	extra	mile	to	repair	my	cowboy	boots	--	they	had	to	have	a	special	kind	of	paper	that	looked	like	wood	grain	to	fix	the	heels	.
that	was	4	years	ago	.
i	have	n't	been	able	to	find	a	shoe	repair	place	in	seattle	since	that	has	been	able	to	do	it	.
-lrb-	i	've	been	through	at	least	5	places	already	.	-rrb-
if	i	had	time	to	drive	to	tacoma	before	they	closed	during	the	work	week	,	i	would	just	so	i	could	get	those	boots	fixed	properly	again	.
so	handy	for	local	la	jolla	stuff	-	especially	for	finding	residential	numbers
since	moving	back	from	college	and	trying	to	settle	roots	in	the	village	,	i	have	referred	to	the	la	jolla	blue	book	for	a	ton	of	local	numbers	.
the	white	pages	allowed	me	to	get	in	touch	with	parents	of	my	high	school	friends	so	that	i	could	track	people	down	one	by	one	and	the	restaurant	section	is	basically	my	cookbook	.
it	's	really	cool	that	so	many	local	businesses	are	found	so	quickly	in	one	place	and	i	want	to	spread	the	word	.
thx	:--rrb-
the	staff	do	occasionally	get	game	info	correct	,	but	if	you	r	looking	fot	a	good	game	and	are	n't	a	nerd	,	do	nt	ask	them	.
the	last	time	i	did	that	i	was	suggested	to	buy	oblivion	when	i	told	them	i	was	looking	for	a	fps	.
i	knew	what	it	was	and	told	the	guy	that	it	was	n't	a	fps	.
he	tried	to	tell	me	it	was	when	i	told	asked	him	if	he	knew	what	fps	stood	for	and	he	had	no	clue	.
overall	they	are	n't	very	knowledge	about	the	type	of	games	are	on	the	market	.
first	and	last	time	we	'll	eat	there
my	friend	and	i	went	there	for	lunch	today	.
neither	one	of	us	had	ever	been	-	so	we	thought	we	'd	try	it	.
big	mistake	-	the	food	was	tasteless	and	cold	.
we	both	kept	trying	to	find	something	we	liked	.
the	only	thing	i	found	edible	were	the	potato	wedges	,	i	finally	gave	up	,	he	kept	trying	-	he	found	the	fried	wantons	to	be	ok	-	his	mongolian	bowl	was	awful	.
would	not	recommend	this	place	to	anyone	-	in	fact	-	save	your	money	and	go	somewhere	else	.
liquidweb.com	rocks	!!!
i	am	not	a	client	of	liquidweb.com	,	but	one	of	my	friend	called	steven	is	the	client	having	several	websites	.
i	work	with	him	and	since	past	6	years	he	is	hosting	his	websites	to	liquidweb	.
as	i	have	gone	through	many	reviews	sites	to	see	if	any	provider	is	providing	better	services	or	not	,	and	i	have	realized	that	there	were	many	good	reviews	about	liquidweb	also	steven	never	faced	any	server	issues	in	his	whole	hosting	.
the	kind	of	support	they	provide	is	simply	great	!!!
i	would	like	to	host	my	upcoming	website	to	liquidweb.com
hino	dealer	of	the	year
congratulations	prestige	hino	!
you	have	been	awarded	the	converted	hino	dealer	of	the	year	!
each	of	you	should	be	proud	of	your	massive	contributions	throughout	the	year	!
major	awards	-	overall	hino	dealer	of	the	year	.
overall	hino	finance	dealer	of	the	year	.
major	awards	-	market	leader	overall	,	dandenong	pma	,	sales	.
market	leader	medium	duty	,	sales	.
well	done	to	anthony	and	the	team	!
bronze	award	service	excellence	,	metro	.
well	done	to	brendan	and	the	team	!
gold	award	parts	excellence	,	metro	.
well	done	to	jason	and	the	team	!
simple	but	perfect
if	you	want	flashy	fancy	food	stacked	high	with	lots	of	fussy	garnishes	,	this	is	not	the	place	for	you	.
if	you	want	perfectly	executed	simple	dishes	that	feature	a	few	exquisite	ingredients	,	you	'll	love	vetri	.
hands	-	down	the	best	pasta	and	gnocchi	i	've	ever	eaten	-lrb-	and	i	've	eaten	a	lot	-rrb-	.
the	antipasti	were	amazing	,	the	wines	were	mind	-	blowing	,	the	service	could	n't	have	been	better	.
i	've	dined	at	lots	of	high	-	end	restaurants	and	i	've	never	before	felt	my	money	was	so	well	spent	.
great	prices	,	great	service	!
i	've	been	to	this	shop	twice	-lrb-	once	for	an	inspection	and	again	for	an	oil	change	-rrb-	and	they	truly	live	up	to	their	name	:	discount	!
they	have	all	kind	of	coupons	available	for	car	washes	,	oil	changes	,	state	inspection	,	etc	.
the	thing	is	,	you	still	get	high	quality	service	at	nicely	discounted	rates	!
there	is	even	free	coffee	and	bottles	of	water	if	you	'd	like	.
the	owner	is	a	pleasant	guy	and	i	would	trust	my	car	with	him	or	any	of	his	workers	.
top	notch	,	all	the	way	!
david	is	amazing
david	is	the	most	helpful	and	creative	photographer	that	i	have	used	.
he	is	willing	to	do	whatever	you	need	from	him	without	hesitation	.
he	was	patient	and	adapted	when	everything	did	n't	go	according	to	schedule	on	my	wedding	day	.
both	the	engagement	and	wedding	pictures	that	he	took	for	us	we	absolutely	amazing	.
he	got	the	pictures	back	to	me	quickly	.
i	would	highly	recommend	david	to	anyone	.
he	will	exceed	your	expectations	!
he	does	n't	just	take	pictures	he	makes	art	out	of	them	and	you	wo	n't	even	notice	that	there	's	a	camera	there	.
not	so	great
my	husband	just	got	a	bike	there	as	a	gift	he	's	only	had	it	a	month	.
it	's	a	nice	bike	and	it	cost	a	lot	of	money	.
but	just	this	week	a	peddle	broke	.
he	took	it	back	and	they	would	not	honor	a	warranty	and	said	it	was	his	fault	because	of	his	shoes	??
so	they	were	going	to	charge	him	for	new	peddles	and	proceeded	to	put	them	on	without	even	telling	him	the	price	.
which	was	very	expensive	.
he	asked	for	a	different	pair	instead	and	they	only	gave	him	five	dollars	off	??
trek	is	not	so	great
only	concerned	with	money
i	have	been	getting	my	treatments	for	a	few	months	now	and	have	seen	some	results	but	not	up	to	the	standards	that	i	was	told	i	should	expect	.
the	people	there	attempt	to	come	across	and	professional	and	nice	,	but	i	was	disappointed	with	their	customer	service	.
never	miss	an	appointment	because	they	will	charge	you	the	price	of	a	treatment	,	even	if	you	had	an	emergency	.
it	's	pretty	ridiculous	!
they	want	to	squeeze	as	much	as	they	can	from	you	even	if	you	just	got	in	a	car	accident	!!!!
they	do	n't	care	one	bit	about	you	!!!!!
terrible	service	!!!
made	an	appointment	to	have	them	come	to	the	house	to	discuss	curtain	options	and	give	an	estimate	.
they	sent	over	someone	who	said	he	knows	nothing	about	curtains	and	could	not	show	me	fabric	options	or	give	an	estimate	.
when	i	called	the	manager	to	complain	,	she	said	she	knew	the	guy	did	n't	know	about	curtains	and	that	the	usual	lady	called	in	sick	hours	earlier	!
instead	of	rescheduling	they	chose	to	waste	my	time	instead	.
so	what	was	the	point	of	the	appointment	!?!
to	just	come	over	and	hang	out	?!?
i	will	never	do	business	with	this	company	!
ever	!!!
internet	department	is	rude	and	insulting
i	was	looking	to	bring	a	customer	to	their	lot	to	buy	a	car	but	the	internet	salesperson	last	name	is	balazick	sent	me	this	email	"	and	if	it	was	worth	my	time	i	would	of	bothered	aswering	your	questions	.
i	make	money	not	deal	with	brokers	"	wow	,	can	you	believe	in	today	s	tough	times	this	dealership	would	be	looking	for	any	way	to	move	vehicles	.
as	a	previous	internet	manager	i	would	deal	with	anyone	looking	to	buy	a	car	for	a	profit	and	not	care	if	they	came	in	with	a	broker	.
stay	away	from	this	dealership	!!!
this	place	is	a	rip	-	off
i	brought	a	car	in	to	have	the	"	check	engine	"	light	diagnosed	back	in	march	of	2010	.
they	said	it	was	"	plugs	and	wires	"	and	quoted	me	$	330	to	do	the	work	,	including	parts	.
i	asked	why	so	high	and	they	said	it	was	due	to	the	labor	of	moving	things	out	of	the	way	.
those	things	ended	up	being	a	windsheild	washer	fluid	tank	-lrb-	1	screw	-rrb-	and	the	air	filter	canister	-lrb-	4	spring	clips	-rrb-	.
i	did	the	work	myself	for	$	50	.
there	's	no	excuse	for	that	kind	of	estimate	.
my	girlfriend	and	i	took	a	chance	on	this	place	because	we	did	n't	want	to	wait	in	line	at	outback	.
what	an	amazing	find	-	this	restaurant	is	a	gem	.
#	1	it	s	immaculately	clean	.
#	2	the	decor	is	tasteful	and	artistic	,	from	the	comfortable	chairs	to	the	elegant	light	fixtures	....	and	-lrb-	most	importantly	-rrb-	#	3	the	food	is	fantastic	.
this	is	authentic	cuban	cuisine	;	fresh	ingredients	expertly	prepared	and	seasoned	perfectly	.
the	portions	were	generous	and	we	got	out	for	less	than	the	cost	of	one	entree	at	some	chain	restaurant	.
try	this	place	-	you	'll	love	it	.
thank	you	for	helping	me	get	more	healthy	!
i	came	in	and	saw	dr.	ruona	about	a	month	ago	for	quitting	smoking	.
i	have	to	tell	you	that	i	have	n't	had	one	and	do	n't	want	one	.
it	is	the	easiest	thing	that	i	have	ever	done	and	i	tell	all	my	friends	that	they	should	do	it	too	.
i	sent	a	customer	of	mine	to	you	.
dr.	ruona	,	if	you	read	this	,	thank	you	for	helping	me	get	more	healthy	.
i	feel	lighter	and	feel	that	i	have	more	possibilities	open	to	me	now	than	i	did	before	.
i	ca	n't	thank	you	enough	.
signs	of	saltford	-	an	excellent	supplier	of	value	for	money	signs	and	banners	etc	.
i	have	been	a	friend	and	customer	of	signs	of	saltford	for	well	over	12	years	now	and	i	also	became	their	website	supplier	some	3	years	ago	.
tina	is	the	driving	force	of	the	business	and	you	can	be	assured	that	she	will	endevour	to	satisfy	all	your	signage	requirements	at	the	most	cost	effective	rates	.
i	have	been	extremely	pleased	with	the	signs	and	pop	-	up	banners	she	has	supplied	to	me	over	the	years	-	a	truly	first	class	family	business	run	by	tina	and	her	husband	chris	.
my	counseling	practice
hello	my	name	is	vera	and	i	'm	writing	a	review	about	my	own	counseling	practice	in	bellevue	,	wa.	and	in	renton	wa	.
i	am	a	licensed	mental	health	counselor	and	i	work	with	variety	of	mental	health	problems	.
i	offer	compassionate	,	approachable	and	personalized	counseling	services	.
my	style	is	compassionate	,	nonjudgmental	,	and	caring	.
please	visit	my	website	to	learn	more	about	my	practice	at	www.veraakulov.com	.
i	am	a	preferred	provider	with	most	insurance	companies	.
schedule	your	first	appointment	online	!
i	would	appreciate	reviews	from	anyone	who	has	worked	with	me	before	in	the	mental	health	setting	.
fantastic	for	kids
if	you	have	children	or	are	just	a	real	animal	lover	yourself	you	'll	love	this	zoo	.
it	's	only	$	10	and	in	essence	just	one	big	petting	zoo	.
they	sell	feed	and	milk	bottles	at	the	front	and	i	recommend	you	buy	lots	.
we	took	our	7	month	old	and	she	laughed	and	giggled	when	-lrb-	very	harshly	i	might	add	-rrb-	grabbing	and	'	kissed	'	the	goats	and	lambs	.
the	animals	were	all	very	sweet	and	patient	with	her	.
among	the	animals	that	were	available	to	touch	were	pony's	,	camels	and	even	an	ostrich	!!!
wonderful	,	inexpensive	and	lots	of	fun	!
wow	!!!
i	ca	n't	say	enough	good	things	about	karla	and	the	wonderful	things	she	has	done	for	me	and	my	dog	gracee	.
gracee	is	more	excited	to	see	her	than	she	is	to	see	me	!!!!
she	has	always	been	there	for	gracee	even	for	last	minute	calls	!
she	has	taken	care	of	my	sweet	girl	for	almost	4	years	now	and	i	would	not	let	gracee	go	with	anyone	besides	her	!!!
she	is	caring	,	punctual	,	and	very	enthusiastic	about	her	job	!
you	should	give	her	a	try	-	it	's	worth	every	penny	to	know	that	you	pet	is	in	great	hands	with	wunderbar	pet	sitting	!!!!
worst	service	i	've	ever	experienced
i	wish	there	was	something	good	to	say	about	the	business	,	but	unfortunately	,	there	is	n't	.
1	-rrb-	service	and	manners	were	nonexistent	.
2	-rrb-	the	employees	constantly	talk	down	to	customers	and	are	very	argumentative	for	the	sake	of	being	argumentative	.
-lrb-	to	both	myself	and	customers	-rrb-	3	-rrb-	i	have	never	experienced	so	much	rudeness	coming	from	a	business	.
4	-rrb-	the	business	is	very	unorganized	.
the	invoice	is	not	detailed	,	so	it	is	difficult	to	see	what	you	are	paying	for	.
i	'd	recommend	to	save	your	time	and	energy	and	find	another	greek	store	.
exile	is	the	best	!!!
exile	is	the	longest	lasting	and	most	authentic	punk	store	in	richmond	!
i	have	been	shopping	there	for	over	six	years	now	.
the	staff	is	incredibly	friendly	and	helpful	and	the	owner	,	mimmy	,	is	an	absolute	angel	.
the	mark	up	is	minimal	considering	that	the	clothing	is	hard	to	find	and	often	shipped	for	europe	.
in	addition	,	the	clothing	is	of	much	better	quality	than	the	clothing	from	hot	topic	,	which	is	made	as	cheaply	as	possible	by	people	living	in	horrible	conditions	in	asia	.
exile	is	environmentally	conscious	and	involved	heavily	in	our	community	.
shop	local	at	exile	!!
over-rated
buddakan	inevitably	attracts	the	majority	of	its	guests	simply	because	of	its	association	with	steven	starr	,	but	that	does	n't	impress	me	.
the	atmosphere	alone	deserves	4	stars	but	,	the	food	was	not	up	to	par	with	the	price	tag	and	the	reputation	the	restaurant	carries	.
the	server	we	had	was	knowledgeable	but	he	was	not	as	proper	as	he	should	have	been	,	acting	like	he	was	talking	to	his	friends	rather	than	his	customers	.
the	angry	lobster	was	completely	over-priced	!
$	80	for	a	dish	that	has	about	one	small	lobster	tail	and	is	full	of	filler	vegetables	!
i	would	n't	go	there	again	.
alto	delivers	on	all	levels	.
from	the	moment	you	enter	the	restaurant	,	you	know	you	are	some	place	special	.
the	service	is	impeccable	,	and	the	food	is	even	better	.
i	highly	recommend	the	four	-	course	tasting	menu	,	which	gives	you	plenty	of	range	and	food	to	satisfy	your	appetite	.
also	,	if	you	are	into	wine	,	alto	has	the	depth	of	both	region	,	varietal	,	and	vintage	to	satisfy	nearly	any	sommelier	-lrb-	or	after	9	pm	,	bring	your	own	bottle	for	free	...	no	corking	fee	!	-rrb-	.
while	it	's	not	cheap	,	alto	will	give	you	an	experience	you	'll	never	forget	.
the	landlord	is	not	nice	nor	helpful
i	have	lived	in	buckingham	condominiums	townhouse	for	2	years	.
i	love	the	location	and	the	apartment	!!
i	'm	a	single	female	and	i	feel	safe	coming	home	at	night	.
the	maintenance	people	are	awesome	!!!!
and	the	exterminator	is	very	nice	,	also	.
yes	,	you	still	have	a	few	bugs	,	but	that	's	going	to	be	anywhere	you	go	!
the	only	problem	that	i	have	experienced	is	the	landlord	.
she	is	a	pure	b****	!!!
i	know	that	's	ugly	...	but	she	wo	n't	help	you	out	for	anything	...	sad	story	.
other	than	that	,	i	would	recommend	living	here	.	:-rrb-
the	staff	leaves	a	lot	to	be	desired	.
the	front	staff	has	seen	quite	a	bit	of	turnover	and	changed	from	professional	to	rude	.
a	simple	follow	-	up	phone	call	with	a	woman	quickly	turned	into	a	nightmare	.
she	may	be	the	reason	for	all	the	change	.
i	sincerely	wonder	if	the	doctor	has	a	clue	about	what	is	going	on	within	his	practice	.
if	he	does	know	and	approves	of	this	behavior	then	it	is	a	poor	reflection	on	him	.
sometimes	it	is	not	worth	it	to	go	through	that	kind	of	staff	and	their	personal	attitude	to	get	to	a	doctor	.
he	was	an	okay	doctor	but	not	worth	her	.
www	-	wonderful	wild	wildernest	inn
i	would	give	the	wildernest	inn	ten	stars	of	five	!
atop	spring	mountain	,	from	the	decks	of	the	west	porch	,	"	one	can	see	forever	"	a	scene	of	unparalleled	beauty	and	grandeur	.
i	saw	deer	frequently	,	in	fact	a	small	herd	were	grazing	near	the	lodge	.
there	were	occasional	bears	on	the	deck	in	the	morning	.
and	most	correctly	,	us	visitors	did	not	mingle	with	the	native	wildlife	.
it	would	have	been	more	than	one	could	bear	!
kathy	and	stewart	,	the	proprietors	were	the	epitome	of	perfection	.
delightful	,	hospitable	,	superb	,	cozy	and	comfortable	.
i	hope	to	be	back	!
junkie	lube	?!
really	weird	place	,	i	was	driving	home	from	work	thought	i	'd	stop	in	for	an	oil	change	and	well	,	there	are	a	few	guys	in	jiffy	lube	uniforms	sitting	at	the	table	drinking	beers	and	shooting	the	breeze	.
the	neon	lighting	sign	still	said	"	on	"	yet	some	guy	who	seemed	to	be	the	oldest	of	the	bunch	,	more	like	the	drunkest	of	the	bunch	told	me	they	'd	be	open	tomorrow	.
i	asked	if	a	manager	was	on	duty	he	told	me	he	was	.
wow	!
grey	shirt	"	mark	"	of	course	with	this	type	behavior	he	could	have	been	wearing	someon	else	s	clothing	.....
a	friend	and	i	recently	took	our	16	and	18	month	olds	here	.
while	there	was	n't	too	much	available	for	their	age	-lrb-	ball	pit	,	bouncy	area	and	a	little	padded	pyramid	to	climb	on	-rrb-	,	we	went	right	when	they	opened	at	10	am	on	a	winter	weekday	and	ended	up	being	the	only	ones	there	,	so	we	were	given	a	little	more	liberty	than	we	would	have	if	others	had	been	there	.
it	's	not	the	classiest	place	,	but	it	was	cleaner	than	i	expected	and	the	staff	was	very	friendly	.
for	$	4	it	was	a	nice	break	from	the	monotony	of	winter	indoors	with	a	toddler	.
restored	my	faith	in	mechaincs	.
i	spent	3	months	going	from	shop	to	shop	trying	to	get	my	ferrari	to	run	and	drive	the	way	it	should	.
i	was	about	to	give	up	when	i	met	jason	and	neal	.
they	took	on	the	challenge	of	making	my	ferrari	all	i	dreamed	of	and	more	.
the	crew	at	the	creative	workshop	went	over	and	above	the	call	of	duty	and	gave	me	back	a	car	i	can	drive	anywhere	and	finally	enjoy	owning	.
i	can	not	say	enough	about	this	place	.
they	have	restored	my	faith	in	mechanics	.
do	yourself	a	favor	,	call	these	guys	first	and	enjoy	driving	your	car	again	..
a	great	vacation	!
we	wanted	to	see	the	sun	-	and	we	also	got	much	more	!
excellent	chefs	are	in	the	kitchen	preparing	memorable	breakfasts	.
after	a	train	ride	over	the	mountains	,	we	enjoyed	hiking	in	the	flower	-	filled	wenatchee	hills	-lrb-	in	may	-rrb-	and	a	very	interesting	bike	ride	in	a	loop	around	the	columbia	river	...	and	then	wine	if	we	wanted	it	on	the	patio	in	the	evening	....
this	is	a	busy	group	of	hosts	they	are	also	running	a	restaurant	,	which	also	must	be	wonderful	-	so	just	ask	for	what	you	need	,	and	i	'm	sure	they	will	do	their	best	to	be	hospitable	.
omg
omg	..	make	sure	to	book	a	reservation	,	as	this	magical	place	is	packed	-lrb-	in	a	nice	way	-rrb-	i	love	that	the	owner	walks	around	and	cares	how	his	customers	feel	about	their	food	.
the	waiters	are	like	no	other	...
my	waiter	was	so	excellent	i	gave	him	a	75	%	tip	,	and	it	was	worht	every	penny	..
the	food	was	finger	licking	the	bowel	fantastic	..
i	just	discovered	her	has	a	place	right	near	my	work	-lrb-	color	me	phat	-rrb-	if	you	are	looking	for	a	romatic	place	with	the	best	food	and	service	in	the	valley	giovanni	ristorante	should	be	your	number	1	+	2	choice	.
holly	is	truely	the	best	hairstylist	!
i	have	lived	in	the	utc	la	jolla	area	for	many	years	,	and	i	never	new	this	salon	was	here	until	a	friend	reffered	me	to	see	holly	here	.
i	was	very	pleased	with	my	experience	here	.
all	of	the	people	were	friendly	and	welcoming	.
i	got	highlights	,	haircut	,	and	a	blowdry	.
she	did	a	great	job	!
holly	is	very	experienced	and	talented	,	and	i	could	tell	she	new	what	she	was	doing	right	off	the	bat	.
my	hair	looks	amazing	,	and	i	get	compliments	all	the	time	.
i	deffenitly	reccomend	this	salon	and	holly	to	anyone	.
you	will	not	be	disappointed	!!!!!!
outdated	but	not	bad
so	i	really	felt	like	this	place	was	extremely	outdated	especially	since	the	pictures	make	it	look	nice	and	modern	.
it	had	listed	that	there	was	a	hot	breakfast	but	all	this	meant	is	that	they	added	a	waffle	maker	to	the	common	continental	affair	at	most	cheap	hotels	.
the	family	suite	was	basically	two	rooms	with	a	small	opening	between	them	which	worked	great	for	us	because	we	were	two	families	traveling	together	.
if	you	are	in	town	and	need	that	kind	of	space	i	say	stay	here	but	if	you	are	looking	for	a	little	more	upscale	affair	do	n't	let	the	pictures	fool	you	and	book	somewhere	else	.
great	,	and	probably	the	only	west	indian	spot	worth	hitting	up	in	nashville	.
i	was	born	and	raised	in	toronto	,	which	has	a	huge	west	indian	-lrb-	trinidadian	,	jamaican	,	etc	-rrb-	population	.
so	huge	in	fact	,	that	toronto	slang	is	influenced	by	and	has	jamaican	references	,	and	jamaican	beef	patties	are	staples	in	my	high	school	cafeteria	.
anyway	,	i	was	practically	raised	on	this	stuff	,	and	being	a	connoisseur	of	west	indian	cuisine	,	jamaica	way	is	a	bit	toned	down	to	suit	the	american	palette	.
all	you	have	to	do	to	make	it	authentic	jamaican	food	,	is	add	a	whole	lot	of	pepper	.
a	lot	.
the	finest	christmas	trees	i	've	ever	seen	.
i	felt	like	i	was	in	heaven	when	i	walked	through	the	majestic	fields	of	this	particular	farm	.
the	trees	were	in	magnificent	shape	and	the	variety	was	astounding	.
the	owners	were	entertaining	and	gracious	.
i	especially	liked	the	eco	friendly	atmosphere	and	the	owner	s	love	of	all	animals	.
this	is	one	of	the	best	farms	i	have	ever	been	too	.
i	would	call	it	the	taj	mahal	of	the	east	coast	!
it	put	hair	on	my	chest	and	thanks	to	the	owner	s	advice	i	invested	vanguard	,	got	myself	a	woman	like	jerry	,	and	became	a	republican	.
thanks	tussey	mountain	tree	plantation	!
pho	-	nomenal	!!
i	have	been	eating	pho	for	almost	my	entire	life	and	i	've	always	gone	to	the	pho	places	in	south	philly	and	off	the	boulevard	and	even	the	other	one	in	chinatown	,	but	when	i	tried	this	pho	place	,	it	blew	the	other	pho	houses	away	!!
all	of	the	pho	places	taste	the	same	to	me	,	so	what	seperates	one	from	the	other	is	the	service	and	the	price	.
the	service	here	is	incredible	compared	to	the	other	places	.
the	only	down	fall	of	this	pho	house	is	the	difficulty	in	finding	parking	in	chinatown	.
remember	to	bring	cash	since	they	do	n't	take	debit	or	credit	.
hope	this	helps	!!
had	a	horrible	experience	with	a	manager	here	,	rachel	mcinnis	,	she	was	rude	,	inconsiderate	and	did	not	do	the	right	thing	for	an	item	that	was	marked	incorrectly	...
i	'm	not	interested	in	shopping	in	a	place	with	people	like	her	...	she	refused	to	sell	me	the	item	at	its	marked	price	even	after	admitting	they	had	made	a	mistake	.
i	normally	do	n't	write	reviews	but	seeing	that	i	considered	dillards	a	distinguished	,	upscale	place	to	shop	,	this	one	wo	n't	be	getting	my	business	,	nor	my	family	's	,	nor	my	co-workers	.
it	's	never	ok	to	let	a	customer	walk	out	unhappy	,	especially	when	they	are	right	.
highly	recommend
i	work	as	a	transformational	life	coach	.
since	this	is	an	alternative	therapy	i	always	refer	clients	to	a	lisenced	therapist	when	i	feel	that	is	appropriate	.
i	found	her	through	a	colleague	one	day	when	one	of	my	clients	was	in	the	midst	of	a	panic	attack	and	needed	professional	help	that	i	am	not	qualified	to	provide	.
little	did	i	know	that	i	would	soon	be	needing	her	help	as	well	!
she	guided	me	through	a	very	difficult	period	dealing	with	a	family	member	's	suicide	,	coupled	with	elder	abuse	.
i	found	her	to	be	extremely	solid	,	kind	,	compassionate	,	and	intuitive	as	well	.
i	would	recommend	her	highly	!
they	wo	n't	have	a	second	chance	from	me	.
first	,	let	me	state	that	although	i	live	in	nyc	,	i	am	not	from	nyc	,	i	do	n't	care	about	baseball	and	i	absolutely	love	boston	to	death	-lrb-	so	beautiful	,	so	clean	,	so	awesome	-rrb-	.
that	said	,	i	hated	this	restaurant	.
the	service	was	just	about	as	good	as	i	'd	get	in	nyc	-lrb-	that	means	it	was	poor	-rrb-	and	the	food	was	almost	mediocre	.
the	decor	left	a	lot	to	be	desired	and	the	posters	telling	me	all	the	reasons	99	was	great	just	served	as	an	ironic	contrast	against	the	reality	.
personally	i	recommend	you	take	your	money	elsewhere
when	i	arrived	at	brickell	honda	on	6/4/11	,	i	was	greeted	and	attended	to	by	the	sales	manager	,	gustavo	guerra	,	in	a	very	friendly	and	professional	manner	.
i	explained	to	him	what	i	wanted	and	that	i	previously	went	to	braman	honda	.
bramen	honda	was	a	bit	of	a	hassle	.
he	told	me	"	no	problem	,	we	will	match	the	offer	or	do	better	.	"
mr.	guerra	gave	me	a	better	deal	without	any	hassles	nor	any	type	of	problems	.
brickell	honda	has	been	the	best	buying	experience	in	the	world	.
i	urge	all	st.	thomas	the	apostle	parishioners	and	all	of	south	florida	residents	to	come	see	gus	!!!
excellent	customer	service	!!!
great	,	honest	service
i	took	my	2001	nissan	frontier	in	to	fix	a	cracked	manifold	.
the	dealer	wanted	$	1300	to	fix	that	and	another	$	1500	to	fix	some	other	things	.
eagle	transmission	determined	that	much	of	the	work	the	dealer	said	needed	to	be	done	was	unneccesary	and	what	needed	to	be	fixed	was	only	$	400	!!
i	was	so	impressed	with	the	honesty	and	integrity	of	mike	and	everyone	at	eagle	transmission	!
i	dropped	the	truck	off	in	the	morning	and	it	was	ready	that	afternoon	.
i	have	finally	found	a	mechanic	i	trust	!!
and	it	was	great	that	they	did	not	charge	a	service	fee	to	diagnose	the	problem	-	an	added	bonus	!!
dr.	shady
kelly	hit	the	nail	on	the	head	.
"	dr.	shady	"	is	a	jerk	.
after	the	way	she	spoke	to	me	on	my	last	visit	,	i	will	not	be	returning	!!
good	luck	keeping	business	with	that	stuck	up	attitude	dr.	shady	.
you	have	just	lost	mine	.
the	next	time	you	feel	like	being	condescending	to	someone	,	it	is	not	going	to	be	me	!!!!!!
dr.	shady	is	inexperienced	and	prideful	.
she	probably	does	not	even	have	10	%	of	the	knowledge	that	some	of	the	other	experienced	vets	do	in	this	area	.
i	will	be	carefully	researching	vets	before	i	take	my	dog	someplace	else	.
beautifully	written	reviews	doctor	,	but	completely	untrue	.
poor	experience
i	did	not	have	a	good	experience	w	/	dr.	ghassemlou	.
during	the	session	,	he	demanded	to	have	my	physical	address	,	which	i	've	always	kept	private	as	i	am	enrolled	in	a	witness	protection	program	.
i	believe	he	is	correct	in	that	he	needs	my	physical	address	for	legal	reasons	,	however	,	he	did	not	adequately	explain	this	during	our	session	.
i	learned	more	about	this	doing	my	own	research	afterward	.
i	think	he	could	've	done	more	to	assuage	my	concerns	by	giving	me	concrete	facts	.
saying	that	i	need	to	give	him	my	address	or	else	i	have	intimacy	issues	is	not	helpful	.
it	's	pretty	combative	actually	.
you	'll	love	it
i	have	had	my	back	fused	in	2	places	.
i	wish	that	i	had	n't	done	this	.
with	these	fusions	,	chiropractric	is	n't	as	successful	,	but	it	still	is	very	helpful	.
even	after	my	fusions	,	my	back	continued	to	hurt	,	but	now	it	does	n't	hurt	any	more	.
i	would	encourage	anyone	who	is	thinking	of	back	surgery	,	to	talk	about	different	treatment	options	first	with	dr.	de	barros	.
he	really	knows	what	he	is	talking	about	and	will	approach	the	different	options	fairly	.
you	can	see	different	treatments	that	a	surgeon	ca	n't	see	,	so	that	you	can	have	several	treatment	options	before	you	decide	what	to	do	.
unbelievably	huge	experience	for	such	a	small	salon	!!!
i	have	been	to	kim	at	cheveux	for	more	than	five	years	.
i	can	not	tell	you	how	often	i	am	complimented	on	my	hair	-lrb-	style	and	color	-rrb-	!
i	regularly	request	kim	's	business	cards	as	i	am	often	stopped	on	the	street	and	asked	"	who	does	your	hair	...	i	love	it	!!!	"
quaint	,	lovely	,	small	salon	with	big	personality	.
i	am	made	to	feel	special	when	i	am	in	the	chair	and	i	have	never	had	a	less	than	amazing	cut	or	color	experience	.
my	hair	has	never	felt	this	healthy	,	either	.
i	can	not	recommend	this	salon	enough	!!!
thanks	cheveux	!
my	favorite	in	mclean
my	family	loves	coming	to	endo	sushi	.	they	are	very	nice	,	it	is	never	crowded	,	and	the	food	is	wonderful	,	very	delicious	and	fresh	!
sometimes	it	is	hard	to	get	parking	in	the	lot	in	front	of	the	storefront	,	and	it	is	on	a	one	-	way	street	,	but	the	restaurant	itself	is	never	overcrowded	.
if	you	can	not	park	in	the	lot	,	then	you	can	park	in	the	shopping	center	's	garage	,	and	walk	up	to	endo	sushi	.
the	service	is	fast	.
be	sure	to	ring	the	little	bell	on	your	way	out	if	you	enjoyed	your	meal	!
-lrb-	it	's	by	the	door	,	on	the	hostess	stand	-rrb-
horrible	service	!
i	got	yelled	at	,	literally	yelled	at	because	i	asked	if	i	could	pick	up	my	car	5	-	10	minutes	late	.
i	explained	that	i	was	already	on	my	way	and	i	would	rush	to	get	there	as	soon	as	i	could	because	i	needed	my	car	for	work	at	5	am	,	but	the	guy	was	arguing	with	me	saying	he	was	gon	na	lock	the	doors	right	at	5:30	.
rude	,	unprofessional	,	just	jerks	.
seems	like	all	they	care	about	is	the	money	and	getting	home	on	time	,	no	care	for	the	customers	at	all	!!!
missed	a	whole	day	of	work	because	i	am	now	carless	.
i	will	neeeeeeeeeverrrr	go	to	this	place	again	.
superb	arrangements
i	used	fancy	flowers	for	my	late	husband	's	funeral	flowers	as	they	had	been	recommended	to	me	.
i	am	so	glad	that	i	called	in	to	see	ana	,	she	is	a	lovely	girl	who	showed	nothing	but	care	and	compassion	towards	me	.
the	flowers	were	all	that	i	hoped	they	would	be	,	i	have	attended	several	funerals	of	late	unfortunately	and	the	flowers	i	recieved	from	ana	outshone	them	all	.
she	is	so	talented	,	the	flowers	were	arranged	superbly	and	delicately	,	it	is	so	obvious	to	see	the	difference	between	someone	fully	trained	and	skilled	compared	to	others	.
thank	you	ana	i	hope	to	see	you	in	the	future	under	better	circumstances	.
great	first	experience	.
i	'm	22	,	and	my	hairdresser	was	great	-lrb-	and	not	"	old	"	like	one	of	the	reviews	says	-rrb-	-	she	really	listened	to	what	i	wanted	and	gave	me	tons	of	tips	on	how	to	style	my	hair	so	i	could	get	it	to	look	the	way	i	wanted	it	to	.
she	deep	conditioned	my	hair	and	took	the	time	to	style	it	properly	.
she	recommended	products	but	absolutely	did	n't	pressure	me	to	buy	.
it	's	a	cute	place	with	a	really	friendly	,	laid	-	back	atmosphere	.
i	would	highly	recommend	it	and	will	be	going	back	for	my	next	haircut	.
oh	!
and	students	get	$	5	off	,	ca	n't	argue	with	that	.
smoker	s	haven
yeah	,	this	complex	is	not	very	good	.
our	bathroom	fan	,	one	electric	outlet	and	2	leaky	sinks	have	yet	to	be	fixed	.
both	bathrooms	look	like	they	were	flooded	and	the	wood	cabinets	are	thrashed	at	the	bottom	and	they	slapped	some	pieces	of	wood	over	to	try	to	cover	it	up	.
and	non-smokers	beware	!!!
i	think	90	percent	of	the	tenants	are	smokers	!
if	you	do	not	smoke	,	do	not	move	here	.
our	unit	reeks	of	old	cigarette	smoke	and	it	started	to	become	apparent	a	few	weeks	after	we	moved	in	.
you	can	not	walk	5	feet	without	smelling	that	disgusting	cigarette	smoke	and	it	blows	right	into	the	windows	all	day	and	all	night	.
great	sanwiches	,	great	prices
i	used	to	go	here	almost	every	day	since	i	work	in	the	neighbourhood	and	loved	their	turkey	and	meatball	sandwiches	.
chicken	salad	salad	is	great	too	.
best	of	all	,	the	staff	is	quick	on	their	feet	and	even	with	long	lines	,	usually	serve	you	in	5	minutes	or	less	.
for	the	quality	,	the	prices	-lrb-	$	4	-	$	6	-rrb-	have	to	be	the	best	in	town	.
the	staff	get	to	know	regulars	and	do	their	job	very	well	.
tourists	like	the	other	reviewer	might	not	appreciate	their	efficiency	or	quality	,	but	i	certainly	do	.
this	is	n't	a	tgif	or	cafe	,	it	s	a	lunch	sandwich	place	and	a	good	one	at	that	.
rate	a	church	?
might	as	well	just	hotpot	the	curb	and	rate	the	traffic	light	.
it	's	a	bloody	church	,	for	chrisssake	!
big	,	grey	and	imposing	.
go	there	on	christian	holidays	for	a	bit	of	churchy	grandure	.
the	pastor	at	this	church	is	cool	,	i	met	him	after	some	holiday	service	.
he	had	a	robe	that	was	made	back	in	the	'60s	.
god	was	pleased	with	that	one	!
it	's	historical	for	sf	,	so	when	your	aunte	comes	for	a	visit	,	take	her	there	.
great	for	the	kiddies	-	they	love	the	labyrinth	-lrb-	do	n't	forget	to	tell	'em	it	s	really	a	'	pagen	'	thing	!	-rrb-	.
stop	by	at	least	once	or	you	'll	go	to	heck	!
ok	but	just	becuse	we	where	on	a	tight	budget	.
me	and	my	dad	where	in	nj	for	a	kc	chiefs	-lrb-	my	home	team	-rrb-	vs	the	ny	jets	and	for	game	4	of	the	world	series	.
i	'm	a	red	sox	fan	so	i	was	glad	that	the	phillies	won	.
the	knights	inn	was	small	very	small	.	i	mean	1	room	in	every	room	!	it	was	cozy	a	little	and	a	small	tv	.
i	mean	a	2	day	stay	was	a	ok	stay	even	tho	the	manager	looked	like	he	was	chineze	and	that	we	only	slept	and	went	out	from	8	to	7	to	see	new	york	.
but	sice	we	almost	just	slept	there	i	ca	nt	give	that	good	of	a	review
it	was	a	saturday	and	my	spring	was	broken	...
i	googled	garage	door	repair	in	woodinville	and	found	ndi	-	johnette	answered	the	phone	and	was	oh	-	so	pleasant	and	helpful	!
she	sort	of	appologized	for	dan	taking	the	day	off	to	go	skiing	-	but	he	could	do	the	repair	on	sunday	!
i	said	great	and	dan	arrived	on	time	at	10	am	to	make	the	repair	.
i	enjoyed	speaking	with	dan	,	and	learning	more	about	how	the	springs	are	sized	for	these	doors	.
the	repair	went	quickly	and	the	price	was	extremely	fair	.
i	would	highly	recommend	ndi	-	and	will	spread	the	word	to	my	neighbors	.
thanks	dan	and	johnette	for	your	responsiveness	and	professional	service	.
roger	m.	,	woodinville
i	would	n't	send	my	dogs	there	.
i	had	a	conversation	with	the	woman	running	this	place	in	april	2010	.
she	basically	said	if	the	children	getting	off	the	bus	are	n't	paying	to	enter	her	building	she	was	going	to	let	them	wander	around	the	streets	.
wow	,	really	?
with	all	the	child	predators	out	there	,	a	busy	road	,	cars	speeding	by	......	and	you	are	going	to	let	some	4	/	5	year	olds	wonder	around	cause	you	're	money	hungry	?
real	christian	of	you	!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
whether	they	pay	me	or	not	,	if	their	parents	get	into	an	accident	,	stuck	in	traffic	,	etc.	the	last	thing	i	would	do	is	let	a	child	get	raped	because	i	was	n't	paid	.
excellent	service
i	could	easily	go	to	nordstrom	for	my	designer	jeans	and	pay	the	same	price	,	but	i	go	to	the	garment	district	for	their	service	.
previous	reviewers	said	they	were	pushy	and	i	can	understand	that	,	but	i	find	the	staff	more	helpful	than	anything	else	.
tiffany	is	fabulous	!
i	came	in	for	alterations	-lrb-	free	,	by	the	way	-rrb-	and	told	her	about	a	stain	i	had	on	my	new	leather	purse	.
she	immediately	went	to	the	back	,	brought	out	leather	cleaner	and	cleaned	my	purse	on	the	spot	.
i	did	n't	even	buy	the	bag	there	!
huge	selection	and	,	great	suggestions	from	the	staff	and	they	refer	you	to	reliable	places	if	they	do	n't	have	what	you	need	.
we	were	expecting	a	great	experience	,	when	we	recieved	a	friendly	greeting	by	the	hosts	.
the	atmosphere	was	nice	and	very	clean	.
the	menu	had	plenty	of	options	even	for	picky	eaters	.
the	service	was	ok	,	our	waitress	kept	forgetting	our	drinks	even	though	we	reminded	her	several	times	.
to	start	we	tried	the	guacamole	and	salsa	verde	,	it	was	completly	flavorless	.
we	should	have	left	then	.
we	orderd	our	meals	anyway	,	chimichangas	,	jalapeno	borritos	,	and	quesadillas	.
everything	was	bland	,	completely	void	of	any	spice	or	flavor	.
we	have	never	had	mexican	food	this	bad	,	it	was	just	simply	gross	.
hopefully	they	spice	things	up	or	they	wo	nt	be	in	business	long	.
i	recommend	la	hacienda
might	try	again
pros	:	*	jill	,	the	owner	,	is	very	nice	and	really	cares	about	her	feedback	*	pretty	nice	atmosphere	*	great	dessert	*	not	your	typical	veggie	selection	,	i	like	!
do	n't	know	where	else	you	can	find	purple	hull	peas	and	some	of	the	other	sides	.
cons	:	*	server	was	n't	very	pleasant	*	pretty	small	portion	on	the	blackened	catfish	*	overcooked	food	*	time	,	took	about	25	minutes	from	ordering	to	eating	.
half	the	tables	and	bar	were	empty	by	this	point	.
other	thoughts	:	will	try	this	place	again	.
there	must	be	a	reason	so	many	people	like	it	there	.
their	club	sandwich	looks	tasty	,	maybe	that	'll	change	my	mind	....	and	a	different	server	.
very	professional	/	very	helpful
the	people	at	fidelity	leasing	were	very	friendly	and	helpful	.
i	was	looking	for	a	car	but	did	not	really	know	what	i	wanted	and	they	were	very	helpful	and	took	the	time	to	first	figure	out	what	my	needs	were	and	showing	me	various	options	to	meet	those	needs	.
they	seemed	more	interested	in	helping	me	find	the	right	car	rather	then	just	make	a	sale	.
my	experience	with	them	was	great	-	low	stress	,	very	helpful	and	very	personal	.
after	finding	the	car	i	wanted	they	took	the	time	to	go	over	each	step	and	making	it	as	painless	as	possible	.
from	start	to	finish	they	were	top	notch	.
i	would	highly	recommend	calling	these	people	up	for	your	next	car	.
this	insurance	co.	is	a	joke	!!!
they	have	absolutely	no	communication	skills	whatsoever	.
if	you	do	n't	mind	being	robbed	,	cheated	or	lied	to	then	this	is	the	company	for	you	.
they	will	make	every	attempt	to	misinform	and	misrepresent	themselves	.
they	make	up	excuses	in	hopes	to	confuse	their	policy	holders	with	misinformation	.
as	an	example	they	took	payment	for	5	out	of	6	monthly	plan	premiums	for	a	yearly	policy	and	cancelled	the	contract	for	the	remainder	of	the	policy	for	reasons	they	stated	was	not	receiving	information	on	other	licensed	drivers	in	the	household	?
i	personally	provided	the	request	on	four	separate	occasions	and	they	claim	there	is	a	glitch	in	their	systems	?
ifa	is	an	acronym	for	i	m	a	f%#king	assh@%$e	!!!
fantastic	service	!
i	have	been	here	a	few	times	for	oil	changes	and	just	got	my	tires	,	alignment	and	state	inspection	done	yesterday	.
i	shopped	it	around	and	they	were	extremely	competitive	in	pricing	and	also	added	nitrogen	to	my	tires	which	should	extend	the	life	and	get	me	better	gas	mileage	.
it	also	came	with	free	balance	and	rotation	for	the	life	of	the	tires	!
what	made	it	perfect	was	that	they	offered	transportation	so	that	i	would	not	have	to	wait	there	or	take	time	off	of	work	to	go	back	and	forth	or	try	to	find	a	ride	.
great	service	,	great	pricing	and	super	convenient	!
i	also	did	not	feel	like	they	tried	to	sell	me	a	bunch	of	services	that	i	did	not	need	.
love	my	home	at	creekside
i	moved	to	creekside	apartments	in	august	2008	with	a	6	-	month	lease	and	have	just	extended	it	for	another	13	months	!
the	management	from	julie	and	janice	to	the	work	staff	,	esp.	edwin	,	are	just	wonderful	.
they	have	been	extremely	helpful	whenever	i	have	asked	for	help	.
although	the	apartments	are	facing	stokes	street	and	close	to	the	bascom	light	rail	,	the	location	is	surprisingly	quiet	.
i	have	never	had	any	problems	with	loud	neighbors	or	concerns	about	safety	.
the	apartments	are	within	walking	distance	to	trader	joe	's	,	whole	foods	,	and	other	stores	.
the	well	-	equipped	,	clean	gym	is	a	plus	!
great	place	to	live	if	you	work	in	and	around	downtown	san	jose	!
i	interviewed	several	contractors	for	a	kitchen	remodel	.
liberty	construction	shows	up	and	it	's	two	guys	...	all	i	get	is	100	%	sales	pitch	"	we	're	the	best	...	we	're	number	50	so	we	must	be	doing	something	right	...	look	at	all	these	certificates	that	say	we	're	great	"	.
not	once	did	i	feel	listened	to	like	they	actually	cared	about	what	i	wanted	,	all	they	were	interested	in	was	me	signing	a	contract	right	then	and	there	.
very	high	pressured	sales	and	with	the	reviews	of	many	others	bad	service	.
i	'm	glad	i	trusted	my	gut	and	did	n't	get	sucked	into	doing	business	with	them	.
find	someone	you	trust	that	actually	hears	you	and	wants	to	do	the	job	right	.
do	n't	waste	your	time	or	money	!
i	took	my	3	year	old	son	here	at	the	weekend	and	to	be	honest	,	apart	from	the	shark	walkway	,	i	thought	it	was	rubbish	and	overpriced	.
even	taking	into	account	the	fact	that	my	3	year	old	wanted	to	run	most	of	the	way	round	,	it	took	us	just	over	one	hour	start	to	finish	.
if	you	have	been	to	the	london	aquarium	i	would	not	even	bother	with	this	.
if	you	are	really	desperate	for	something	to	pass	the	time	and	are	willing	to	shell	out	the	best	part	of	l	30	for	2	two	people	then	go	for	it	.
-lrb-	for	some	reason	it	will	not	let	me	rate	it	one	star	-	it	is	not	rated	5	by	me	!	-rrb-
cranmore	dental	and	implant	clinic	:	i	could	not	recommend	dr	david	nelson	enough	.
i	had	a	severe	phobia	of	attending	the	dentist	until	i	met	and	was	treated	by	dr	nelson	.
he	instantaneously	put	me	at	ease	and	his	ongoing	treatments	have	been	absolutely	pain	free	.
my	previous	apprehension	has	been	dismissed	and	i	no	longer	have	a	sinking	feeling	when	my	next	appointment	is	due	!
in	addition	to	the	core	treatment	,	dr	nelson	has	impressed	me	further	with	his	concern	and	interest	in	the	well	-	being	of	his	patients	-	his	dental	work	underpinned	by	a	strong	duty	of	care	to	every	patient	.
he	is	always	prepared	to	go	the	extra	mile	to	ensure	that	any	patient	discomfort	is	dealt	with	immediately	-
pam	gillies
best	salsa	-lrb-	hehehe	-rrb-
after	my	trees	were	cleaned	up	,	they	gave	me	a	jar	of	salsa	.
the	owner	warned	me	that	it	was	the	best	salsa	i	would	ever	had	,	and	he	was	right	.
no	joke	!
i	hate	to	say	check	them	out	just	for	the	salsa	,	but	james	,	i	need	another	jar	badly	:-rrb-	all	kidding	aside	,	they	are	a	very	good	company	,	i	have	a	hard	time	giving	any	service	biz	a	5	star	review	but	they	came	close	.
very	affordable	-lrb-	do	n't	call	it	cheap	-rrb-	and	their	trimmers	were	quick	and	courteous	when	i	got	home	from	work	.
and	the	salsa	,	be	sure	to	ask	for	a	jar	and	have	plenty	of	chips	around	,	you	will	need	them	.....
dr.	mann	killed	our	pet
yea	,	dr.	mann	ai	n't	so	great	.
we	took	our	beloved	kitty	to	him	and	it	came	back	dead	.
we	live	in	the	sub-division	around	the	corner	and	after	it	happened	and	we	brought	it	up	at	some	neighborhood	gatherings	we	discovered	that	several	people	from	this	neighborhood	alone	had	pets	go	to	dr.	mann	for	surgical	procedures	and	came	back	dead	.
if	you	take	him	here	for	shots	,	no	big	deal	but	i	would	never	let	this	man	apply	anesthetic	to	my	pet	ever	again	.
oh	,	they	also	charged	me	for	the	procedure	-lrb-	$	250	-rrb-	and	had	the	audacity	to	charge	me	a	$	25	'	disposal	'	fee	.
they	actually	itemized	it	as	a	disposal	fee	.
avoid	at	all	costs	.
one	of	the	worst	places
this	place	and	its	sister	store	peking	garden	are	the	worst	places	to	order	from	.
the	food	was	horrible	not	cooked	like	it	should	be	,	they	got	the	order	wrong	on	a	number	of	occasions	,	and	once	forgot	about	my	order	.
i	had	to	call	back	up	there	two	hours	later	and	the	lady	-lrb-	who	claimed	to	be	a	manager	-rrb-	said	my	food	was	on	the	way	,	and	she	did	nt	offer	to	compensate	me	in	any	kind	of	way	.
i	waited	another	30	mins	before	receiving	my	food	and	it	was	cold	.
in	my	opinon	this	place	should	be	shut	down	by	the	health	inspector	,	and	anyone	who	is	satisfied	with	there	service	and	food	has	never	eaten	at	a	real	asian	restaurant	.
gone	downhill	since	change	in	ownership
sigh	.
i	used	to	love	this	place	.
but	now	that	they	are	part	of	a	chain	,	service	has	slipped	.
i	am	waiting	longer	at	bna	for	my	pickups	and	last	time	i	parked	with	them	,	they	lost	my	car	key	.
lucky	i	had	a	spare	with	me	!
to	date	they	have	not	made	good	by	either	finding	the	key	or	paying	for	a	new	one	.
-lrb-	these	new	car	keys	are	expensive	to	copy	,	you	ca	n't	just	go	to	walmart	.	-rrb-
go	to	the	website	for	coupons	and	join	the	club	-	you	can	get	free	parking	.
however	,	with	bna	offering	one	day	of	free	parking	due	to	construction	of	the	new	rental	car	facility	,	it	may	be	cheaper	to	park	at	bna	.
wife	and	i	attempted	to	adopt	a	dog	and	was	nothing	but	frustrating	.
we	arrived	sunday	at	about	230	and	found	a	do	we	really	liked	.
we	were	told	that	we	could	n't	today	because	they	were	closing	soon	.
i	called	the	next	morning	to	let	then	know	my	wife	would	be	driving	in	.
they	gave	me	the	run	around	and	missing	paperwork	only	to	call	back	to	tell	me	someone	else	wanted	her	and	i	would	need	to	come	in	and	put	down	a	deposit	.
i	work	2	hours	away	but	offered	my	card	over	the	phone	.
they	refused	.
terrible	communication	as	well	.
at	one	point	they	told	me	the	dog	had	been	fixed	,	the	next	day	it	had	n't	.
huge	ammount	of	time	wasted	time	and	elevated	blood	pressure	.
college	is	a	joke	and	the	salon	is	a	joke	!
went	to	the	school	here	over	priced	!!!!!!
you	do	not	learn	the	things	you	were	promised	.
you	have	to	bring	in	your	own	models	and	they	have	to	pay	for	you	to	use	them	if	you	do	nt	then	you	can	graduate	!
going	back	after	graduating	you	r	told	you	get	a	discount	on	services	nope	you	do	nt	.
staff	is	under	educated	.
going	there	you	learn	the	school	does	not	care	about	the	services	given	just	about	the	money	.
over	priced	for	students	to	learn	!
beware	of	the	nail	program	you	are	not	taught	to	use	a	nail	drill	at	all	you	learn	the	old	fashioned	way	of	doing	nails	you	will	not	be	able	to	do	well	in	a	salon	!!!
beware	!
you	can	fool	people
this	store	is	proof	that	you	can	fool	people	with	good	advertising	.
they	convince	lots	of	people	that	they	are	a	great	store	,	when	in	fact	they	are	a	very	average	place	at	best	,	they	are	just	another	big	box	store	like	the	others	.
they	offer	sales	that	are	n't	really	sales	,	mislabeled	items	that	make	the	item	sound	like	a	good	deal	when	it	is	n't	,	a	bad	attitude	about	return	items	,	and	on	and	on	.
with	higher	than	average	prices	to	boot	!
so	do	n't	get	taken	in	,	keep	your	eyes	open	if	you	choose	to	shop	here	.
on	the	other	hand	,	the	richmond	ukrops	chain	is	known	for	its	charity	work	,	its	community	action	,	and	its	interest	in	the	public	welfare	.
never	again
do	n't	go	here	unless	you	want	to	sit	,	order	,	eat	and	be	asked	to	leave	all	in	a	matter	of	20	minutes	.
you	wo	n't	even	have	time	to	read	the	entire	menu	before	being	asked	to	order	and	if	you	ask	for	more	time	your	server	will	wait	at	the	table	.
this	is	the	only	place	i	have	ever	eaten	and	been	told	to	leave	because	other	people	were	waiting	.
i	was	told	to	take	my	coffee	to	go	if	i	wanted	to	finish	it	.
oh	,	and	their	liquor	license	was	expired	so	no	bloody	mary	or	mimosas	.
plus	the	drinks	are	self	service	,	have	fun	trying	to	negotiate	the	small	cafeteria	space	to	get	your	coffee	,	juice	or	water	.
go	next	door	to	the	ball	square	cafe	instead	.
i	guess	you	get	what	you	pay	for	.
i	tried	to	stay	here	for	a	few	nights	with	my	girlfriend	,	so	we	asked	for	a	single	queen	bed	.
we	got	there	,	and	we	were	treated	to	the	free	"	upgrade	"	of	a	room	with	two	double	beds	.
since	they	consider	this	an	upgrade	,	they	let	their	other	rooms	fill	up	and	would	not	change	our	room	.
then	we	got	put	in	a	room	with	a	huge	gap	under	the	door	....	right	next	to	the	ice	machine	.
we	could	hear	every	single	thing	that	happened	outside	like	it	was	inside	our	room	.
when	i	finally	found	someone	at	the	desk	who	could	speak	english	,	they	moved	our	room	,	but	we	still	did	not	receive	the	single	queen	we	had	"	reserved	"
i	was	thoroughly	impressed	!
i	had	a	problem	with	the	tile	in	my	bathroom	coming	apart	.
i	called	a	few	different	businesses	in	the	area	to	get	estimates	,	they	were	n't	the	cheapest	i	found	but	very	reasonable	.
the	best	part	is	i	got	my	whole	bathroom	remodeled	for	about	the	same	price	the	other	compan's	were	quoting	just	to	fix	the	shower	tile	and	fixtures	.
they	had	the	work	done	in	about	half	the	time	quoted	which	made	me	and	my	wife	extremely	happy	.
we	have	had	nothing	but	compliments	on	our	bathroom	when	guest	come	over	-	who	would	have	guessed	that	one	?
very	nice	work	and	friendly	guys	too	.
best	money	i	've	spent	on	remodeling	ever	.
i	highly	recommend	any	one	considering	home	repair	to	give	these	guys	a	call	.
new	training	centre	is	excellent
the	award	dance	centre	has	moved	from	its	holderness	road	site	to	a	new	complex	on	chamberlain	road	hull	.
the	new	centre	has	4	studios	planned	and	now	boasts	the	largest	single	dance	floor	area	in	kingston	upon	hull	.
the	classes	cover	all	age	and	skill	ranges	,	with	ballroom	,	latin	,	sequence	,	street	,	disco	,	line	dancing	,	ballet	,	tap	&	jazz	.
we	have	attended	a	ward	dance	centre	for	over	a	year	and	really	enjoy	the	friendly	and	welcoming	way	we	are	taught	ballroom	and	latin	as	well	as	the	fun	filled	social	dance	evening	held	every	saturday	evening	....
it	is	not	really	possible	to	score	this	school	too	highly	,	we	would	give	it	12	out	of	10	and	5	stars	across	the	board	steve	&	anne
i	purchased	a	2	-	year	old	certified	pre-owned	bmw	from	this	dealership	.
the	night	i	drove	back	home	,	i	found	that	the	rear	window	has	some	leakage	.
-lrb-	you	can	hear	the	wind	while	driving	on	highway	.
very	likely	it	needs	a	new	window	seal	-rrb-	.
i	admit	that	i	should	have	paid	attention	to	this	kind	of	little	things	while	test	drive	.
-lrb-	but	this	is	a	certified	car	from	a	dealer	.	-rrb-
so	i	brought	the	car	back	the	second	day	.
they	told	me	that	this	is	not	under	warranty	and	want	to	charge	me	$	175	just	to	diagnose	the	problem	!
who	knows	how	much	they	want	me	to	pay	to	fix	this	thing	.
i	walked	away	.
so	my	advice	is	that	never	trust	this	dealer	.
stay	away	as	far	as	possible	.
perfect	practice
after	i	had	chosen	the	fountain	dental	practice	they	provided	a	slick	and	professional	service	from	start	to	finish	.
everyone	was	friendly	from	the	receptionist	to	the	surgeon	herself	,	putting	me	at	my	ease	and	explaining	the	whole	process	,	both	initially	and	then	as	we	went	along	.
surgery	visit	timings	were	always	made	to	suit	me	and	not	them	and	they	gave	me	the	feeling	that	i	mattered	and	was	important	to	them	.
the	surgery	itself	is	slick	,	modern	and	very	relaxed	and	i	always	felt	that	i	was	in	capable	hands	.
my	dental	surgeon	,	dr.	lucy	nichols	is	clearly	a	dental	perfectionist	and	clearly	proud	both	of	the	work	she	does	and	the	reputation	she	has	established	.
everyone	was	so	helpful	that	i	can	not	wait	to	go	back	.....
peter
wonderful	service	for	large	group
i	had	my	wedding	luncheon	at	this	bj	s	restaurant	,	and	it	was	one	of	the	best	choices	that	i	made	.
it	was	a	great	deal	--	we	paid	a	certain	amount	per	person	,	and	my	husband	and	i	chose	4	types	of	pizza	and	the	servers	brought	out	as	much	as	we	wanted	.
we	were	also	served	salad	and	soda	.
we	had	a	large	party	,	about	fifty	people	or	so	,	and	yet	everything	was	served	quickly	and	we	all	had	a	wonderful	time	.
even	though	we	were	only	supposed	to	have	those	specific	types	of	pizza	,	when	guests	asked	for	a	different	type	,	it	was	brought	out	with	no	charge	to	us	!
i	really	appreciate	bj	s	for	making	that	special	day	even	better	with	their	wonderful	food	and	service	.
wonderful
i	went	to	ohm	after	reading	some	of	the	reviews	.
i	go	to	school	in	the	area	and	usually	wait	until	i	go	home	to	get	my	hair	cut	.
i	decided	it	was	time	to	grow	up	and	made	an	appointment	.
sierra	was	my	stylist	and	i	love	what	she	did	.
i	have	wavy	hair	and	she	cut	to	my	hair	style	.
it	was	the	first	time	i	had	left	a	salon	with	my	hair	curly	.
usually	they	blow	dry	it	out	and	i	have	to	wait	until	i	wash	it	to	see	what	it	will	look	like	in	its	natural	state	.
but	she	did	a	fabulous	job	letting	me	know	what	she	was	doing	at	all	times	and	styled	my	hair	in	a	way	i	could	do	it	at	home	.
it	was	n't	completly	impossible	!!!!
i	am	definitely	going	back
after	recently	relocating	to	south	bend	,	we	were	looking	for	a	delicious	,	fun	,	yet	elegant	establishment	for	new	year	s	eve	dinner	.
we	were	disappointed	with	this	holiday	dinner	due	to	the	overall	flavor	and	price	of	the	meal	,	and	accessibility	to	the	jazz	club	.
the	meal	was	extremely	overpriced	and	lacked	flavor	,	especially	for	being	a	special	nye	menu	.
the	limited	menu	had	few	appetizing	options	and	the	nye	special	packages	were	way	overpriced	.
after	our	meal	,	our	server	found	us	a	table	in	the	jazz	club	where	we	were	informed	it	would	be	another	$	10	/	person	to	stay	and	listen	to	the	band	,	despite	the	fact	we	had	just	finished	a	dinner	there	and	were	intending	to	enjoy	their	drink	list	.
this	was	a	less	than	impressive	experience	at	trio	's	.
run	for	the	hills	...	you	'll	be	much	better	off	!
one	night	was	too	much	.
first	room	had	used	tissues	next	to	the	bed	and	i	requested	it	be	rectified	.
i	was	then	moved	to	another	room	around	the	back	where	the	room	was	dirty	,	the	shower	was	dirty	with	other	people	s	hair	in	it	,	the	toilet	seat	was	peeling	and	rough	and	the	bathroom	was	full	of	mould	.
i	called	reception	to	ask	if	they	knew	the	state	the	room	was	in	and	was	told	"	this	is	a	days	inn	,	not	the	hilton	"	and	the	receptionist	then	hung	up	on	me	.
to	warn	you	to	stay	away	from	this	place	just	is	n't	enough	.
there	was	not	one	ounce	of	caring	involved	and	anyone	i	can	warn	about	the	complete	lack	of	service	will	be	warned	.
grocery	and	daily	needs	store
before	using	fusionretail	before	installing	fusionretail	store	was	running	on	a	dos	based	software	.
we	were	having	a	major	problem	in	maintaining	cash	.
being	a	grocery	shop	,	maintaining	5000	different	products	was	a	challenging	job	.
managing	pos	counter	without	barcoding	was	really	a	tough	time	.
how	fusionretail	has	overcome	these	issues	?
fusionretail	helps	us	to	maintain	the	store	in	an	organised	way	.
usage	of	product	barcodes	and	smooth	maintenance	of	inventory	with	proper	recording	of	transactions	like	sale	,	purchase	and	returns	was	never	easy	before	.
how	long	does	it	take	to	train	new	people	at	work	?
billing	takes	15	minutes	and	back	office	jobs	takes	1	day	's	training	how	fast	your	support	queries	get	answered	?
over	telephone	,	immediate	.
on	call	,	it	takes	a	day	to	get	our	issues	resolved	.
ca	n't	wait	to	go	back	!!!
this	is	by	far	the	best	b&b	that	we	have	ever	stayed	at	!
we	were	in	santa	fe	for	a	special	event	and	our	hosts	rented	out	the	el	paradero	for	all	their	guests	to	stay	at	.
we	could	not	have	been	more	welcomed	,	more	comfortable	or	more	well	fed	.
the	weekend	was	perfect	in	every	way	,	in	large	part	to	sue	and	her	great	staff	.
everyone	was	so	friendly	and	really	went	out	of	their	way	to	make	sure	everything	went	well	.
we	can	not	wait	to	go	back	to	santa	fe	and	to	this	great	b&b	...	especially	my	4	year	old	,	who	made	friends	with	ms.	sue	and	all	the	ladies	,	and	has	talked	about	them	since	we	left	!
we	would	highly	recommend	the	el	paradero	on	your	next	trip	to	santa	fe	!
disatisfied	customer	,	i	went	through	kitchen	aid	and	used	one	of	their	recommended	vendors	.
a&e	came	out	,	charged	$	129	fee	just	to	walk	in	the	door	.
i	needed	a	part	for	my	appliance	,	the	cost	was	very	high	so	i	said	never	mind	,	paid	the	fee	and	called	a	local	business	for	a	second	quote	.
the	second	vendor	charged	$	55	-lrb-	less	than	half	of	what	a&e	charges	-rrb-	to	come	and	applied	that	to	the	price	of	the	repair	service	-lrb-	which	a&e	does	not	-rrb-	.
their	quote	came	in	at	half	the	price	of	a&e	for	the	same	work	and	same	part	.
seems	to	me	like	a&e	charges	way	more	than	necessary	!
very	disappointed	in	kitchen	aid	as	well	,	i	thought	that	they	pre-screened	their	vendors	for	price	and	quality	of	work	,	obviously	they	do	not	!
lovely	nails	on	cayuga	st.	in	lewiston	,	ny
first	let	me	start	out	by	saying	,	that	i	have	had	very	nice	pedicures	at	lovely	nails	on	military	road	.
i	was	very	excited	that	a	salon	was	opening	in	lewiston	,	as	i	live	in	youngstown	.
i	was	in	two	weeks	ago	and	had	the	worst	pedicure	that	i	have	had	in	my	life	.
there	were	four	of	us	and	i	was	taken	first	by	a	gentleman	.
i	put	my	foot	in	the	water	and	it	was	cool	.
he	did	warm	it	up	.
he	also	hurt	my	toes	will	pushing	my	cuticles	back	.
if	the	pedicure	lasted	20	mins.	,	that	was	a	stretch	.
the	other	ladies	had	a	similar	experience	,	both	had	nail	polish	on	a	couple	of	toes	.
none	of	us	will	be	using	their	services	again	,	which	is	a	shame	.
good	service	-	limited	results
andrew	was	helpful	and	knowledgeable	about	acupuncture	re	:	infertility	.
he	was	willing	to	talk	to	me	about	my	specific	issues	and	develop	a	plan	of	action	.
the	office	is	shared	with	a	foot	doctor	and	it	's	very	sterile	and	medical	feeling	,	which	i	liked	.
the	down	side	was	that	sometimes	there	was	a	lot	of	noise	in	the	hallway	from	other	patients	/	doctors	.
i	worked	with	andrew	for	2	months	and	did	acupuncture	and	herbs	.
the	sessions	were	nice	and	i	felt	relaxed	after	them	but	did	not	notice	any	changes	with	my	cycles	.
i	know	it	can	take	a	while	for	results	and	did	n't	expect	a	miracle	,	but	after	2	months	i	felt	like	it	was	not	entirely	worth	the	cost	/	time	.
-lrb-	i	am	also	a	little	suspicious	of	all	these	glowing	reviews	...	-rrb-
friendly	,	clean	and	excellent	location
the	staff	was	very	helpful	,	and	gave	us	good	advice	on	day	and	night	time	activities	.
common	room	was	comfortable	and	clean	,	very	good	room	to	read	or	relax	.	-
a	great	breakfast	which	was	included	every	morning	until	9:30	am	;	yummy	fresh	parisian	croissants	.
comfortable	and	clean	beds	,	a	bit	noisy	when	people	were	coming	in	late	from	a	night	out	,	but	we	did	n't	mind	too	much	as	we	were	also	just	coming	in	from	a	night	out	!
the	location	is	really	stellar	!
it	is	next	to	gare	du	nord	and	a	five	minute	walk	to	sacre	coeur	which	is	excellent	for	shopping	.
it	is	close	to	bus	lines	for	opera	plaza	,	galleries	lafayette	,	and	the	famous	flea	market	.
we	really	enjoyed	our	stay	and	would	definitely	stay	at	the	vintage	hostel	again	.
just	autos	thank	you	!
was	fast	and	easy	,	just	had	our	car	returned	this	morning	,	i	would	recommend	these	mobile	mechanics	for	sure	.
they	certainly	know	what	they	are	doing	.
the	mechanic	came	to	our	place	and	sorted	out	our	car	s	problems	,	he	explained	the	problem	and	was	very	up	front	and	honest	,	it	was	towed	to	the	workshop	as	the	gearbox	was	not	working	-lrb-	he	explained	it	better	-rrb-	.
they	phoned	the	same	day	,	confirmed	it	was	the	gearbox	quoted	me	the	job	,	i	gave	the	go	ahead	.
now	my	car	s	gears	and	brakes	have	never	run	so	well	...	ever	it	s	like	driving	a	new	car	.
so	yes	,	i	would	n't	hesitate	in	recommending	the	team	at	just	autos	for	easy	professional	car	repairs	,	thank	you	just	autos	for	your	help	.
i	stopped	in	today	@	yards	brewery	.
i	must	say	,	i	was	impressed	with	the	size	of	the	bar	area	and	lounge	,	&	i	liked	that	you	could	see	the	brewery	right	thru	the	glass	!
i	had	a	sampler	of	ipa	,	brawler	,	love	stout	&	esa	.
all	were	awesome	,	&	i	had	a	dogwood	grilled	cheese	which	was	enjoyable	with	the	fine	beers	.
after	my	sampler	&	sandwich	,	i	asked	for	a	pint	of	there	nitrogen	love	stout	,	i	must	say	i	was	impressed	,	with	the	great	taste	&	i	am	a	guiness	lover	so	coming	from	me	,	i	think	this	is	better	,	it	s	less	dry	&	smoother	!
if	you	are	in	philly	you	have	to	come	check	this	place	out	!
the	only	negative	i	have	abou	this	place	is	the	parking	!
i	left	with	a	case	of	brawler	!!!!	!
oil	change	disaster
my	wife	had	taken	her	'07	ford	fusion	in	for	a	routine	oil	change	.
a	couple	days	after	the	oil	change	,	the	engine	ran	rough	,	the	low	oil	pressure	light	would	come	on	sporadically	,	and	the	engine	would	whir	loudly	.
turns	out	the	engine	had	no	oil	,	and	when	oil	was	put	it	,	it	would	just	run	out	of	the	filter	.
there	could	have	-lrb-	hopefully	does	n't	have	-rrb-	major	damage	to	the	engine	.
all	of	this	started	after	their	oil	change	.
once	they	realized	their	mistake	they	sent	a	mechanic	and	tow	truck	to	my	wife	's	work	and	towed	it	back	to	fix	it	.
i	would	not	recommend	this	shop	for	anything	,	not	even	something	as	simple	as	an	oil	change	.
plus	they	will	overcharge	you	for	just	about	everything	,	and	smile	while	doing	it	.
liars	,	negative	stars	!
took	my	cruze	in	twice	for	poor	fuel	economy	.
the	first	time	they	claimed	to	get	reasonable	mpg	.
however	,	they	would	never	drive	the	car	with	me	in	it	to	prove	their	findings	.
i	wonder	if	they	were	going	down	a	hill	!
they	told	me	to	bring	it	back	after	5000	miles	.
i	brought	it	back	with	9000	miles	.
they	"	finished	"	the	work	and	told	me	the	car	was	ready	.
i	found	out	they	did	not	even	drive	the	car	,	stated	they	looked	at	it	before	.
they	still	would	not	drive	the	car	with	me	to	show	their	mpg	number	.
they	also	claimed	not	to	see	anything	wrong	with	the	blower	fan	-lrb-	a	seperate	issue	-rrb-	,	but	when	i	drove	the	car	home	i	had	the	same	symptoms	.
i	will	never	purchace	another	vehicle	from	vic	canever	.
great	job
i	want	to	say	that	mike	did	a	great	job	for	our	family	in	our	time	of	need	.
both	my	grandparents	passed	away	4	months	apart	and	mike	was	very	understanding	.
it	was	a	very	trying	time	for	my	family	and	myself	yet	mike	took	the	time	to	greet	each	and	every	one	one	of	us	.
he	is	very	professional	in	his	position	as	a	director	and	yet	he	still	made	time	to	be	compassionate	for	what	we	were	all	going	through	.
i	'm	sure	it	s	not	every	day	that	a	funeral	director	sees	the	same	family	in	such	a	short	time	.
my	grandfather	passed	away	silently	in	his	sleep	,	and	my	grandmother	passed	away	after	a	short	struggle	with	cancer	.
both	my	grandparents	looked	as	natural	as	could	be	expected	.
thank	you	mike	for	all	your	help	professionally	and	personally	.
the	peterson	family
poor	service
if	you	like	the	drama	described	in	popular	sitcom	'	seinfeld	'	,	you	will	see	it	here	.
we	signed	our	name	in	about	6:00	pm	.
there	were	3	names	before	us	.
the	greeter	said	there	was	about	15	minutes	waiting	.
however	,	we	waited	and	waited	and	in	the	mean	time	,	saw	4	groups	of	people	simply	just	paraded	in	without	signing	there	names	.
this	sign	in	policy	is	posted	by	the	restaurant	"	no	reservation	,	sign	your	name	here	"	.
i	had	to	ask	the	greeter	,	he	explained	his	reasons	with	broken	english	.
i	could	not	understand	any	his	reasons	.
i	could	only	take	it	as	they	would	seat	the	people	they	know	first	.
my	conclusion	is	that	you	should	only	go	there	if	you	want	to	wait	a	least	an	hour	and	see	all	kinds	other	people	being	seated	before	you	.
instructor	never	showed	up	!
january	15th	--	we	were	signed	up	for	saturday	's	2	pm	class	"	beginning	yoga	with	brittany	.	"
we	even	arrived	10	minutes	early	as	the	website	suggests	.
the	instructor	did	not	show	up	!
we	waited	until	2:25	pm	and	then	left	.
there	were	2	in	our	group	,	and	a	3rd	person	was	also	in	the	parking	lot	waiting	for	this	class	.
well	,	not	much	i	can	say	except	i	'm	very	disappointed	with	this	experience	.
this	was	our	first	visit	to	your	studio	.
in	today	's	instant	world	,	there	's	no	reason	for	the	instructor	not	to	even	have	given	us	a	phone	call	or	e-mail	if	she	was	going	to	be	late	.
as	a	yoga	studio	,	i	'm	sure	you	're	all	aware	that	all	actions	generate	karma	.
and	sometimes	karma	can	manifest	itself	on	a	bad	review	on	google	.
finest	??
really	??
i	beg	to	differ	.
this	place	is	marginal	at	best	.
not	very	welcoming	and	focused	mostly	on	keeping	little	kids	entertained	.
i	was	not	impressed	,	and	quite	frustrated	at	their	lack	of	rating	for	their	courses	.
i	understand	not	wanting	to	put	labels	like	5.10	on	an	indoor	course	,	because	yes	,	it	is	not	the	same	,	but	some	clear	understanding	of	the	difficulty	of	one	course	to	another	is	nice	when	you	are	an	intermediate	climber	looking	to	improve	.
i	do	n't	want	to	waste	my	time	on	routes	set	for	children	,	but	i	do	n't	want	to	take	on	something	i	ca	n't	handle	just	to	strain	myself	to	exhaustion	.
rate	the	routes	,	with	understandable	markings	and	a	more	detailed	system	than	easy	,	moderate	,	and	hard	.
again	,	a	great	outing	for	the	kids	,	a	frustration	for	an	out	of	town	climber	.
best	dj's	in	town	!
wow	!
these	guys	were	the	best	.
they	were	thorough	,	high	class	,	and	went	above	and	beyond	.
we	never	had	to	worry	about	a	thing	,	and	they	led	the	way	the	whole	time	.
they	asked	us	things	that	we	would	have	never	have	thought	of	,	and	took	extra	time	to	meet	with	us	when	we	needed	it	before	the	wedding	.
having	a	team	was	the	best	because	they	kept	the	flow	of	the	wedding	going	the	whole	time	!
they	may	look	young	but	do	n't	let	that	fool	you	,	as	their	knowledge	of	music	far	surpassed	what	we	expected	.
i	am	a	music	junkie	that	grew	up	in	the	80's	,	and	my	dad	worked	for	a	record	label	in	the	1960's	.
so	we	did	n't	expect	them	to	even	know	some	of	the	requests	that	we	asked	that	night	.
they	just	really	know	their	stuff	!
never	fear	going	to	the	dentist	again	!
i	'm	61	years	old	and	have	dental	problems	my	entire	life	.
by	the	age	of	24	i	stopped	going	to	the	dentist	.
my	fear	and	discomfort	from	dental	work	scared	me	!
it	took	all	the	courage	i	could	muster	to	make	an	appointment	.
at	the	front	door	of	his	office	,	i	nearly	turned	around	.
i	considered	just	leaving	after	going	inside	and	nearly	did	.
doctor	gonzales	and	his	entire	staff	are	the	most	professional	people	i	have	ever	dealt	with	.
they	made	me	feel	confident	in	what	they	would	do	,	and	treated	me	like	a	member	of	their	own	family	.
i	never	felt	pain	or	discomfort	.
the	ability	to	smile	and	eat	again	can	only	be	described	as	a	whole	new	lease	on	life	.
thank	you	doctor	gonzales	,	doctor	stout	,	eva	marie	and	the	entire	staff	!
rocky	m.	lange	retired	coordinator	,	clark	county	school	district
horrible	service	and	food
not	only	is	this	place	too	expensive	for	what	it	is	,	it	s	horrible	!
in	the	past	,	i	got	a	steak	and	there	was	more	fat	and	rough	pieces	than	there	was	good	steak	-lrb-	and	this	was	the	sirloin	!	-rrb-	,	the	sides	were	drenched	with	butter	and	the	salad	was	a	little	on	the	brown	side	.
today	we	went	for	a	party	-lrb-	during	lunch	,	so	the	place	was	empty	-rrb-	with	about	25	other	people	.
it	took	over	1.5	hours	for	our	food	to	come	out	and	by	that	time	my	8	month	old	had	it	!
does	it	seriously	take	that	long	for	a	soup	and	salad	?
i	was	a	waitress	for	years	and	a	key	rule	is	to	serve	customers	with	small	children	before	others	,	as	i	was	the	last	to	get	my	food	.
i	would	not	recommend	having	a	party	here	or	even	going	here	.
texas	roadhouse	is	way	better	!!
spay	and	neuter	service	.
i	have	no	doubt	that	the	rescue	is	wonderful	.
but	i	had	my	cat	spayed	through	their	reduced	/	free	spay	and	neuter	program	and	the	vet	they	sent	us	to	was	first	of	all	a	hour	and	a	half	away	,	and	4	days	later	we	had	to	bring	them	to	our	normal	vet	because	the	vets	at	the	place	in	wisconsin	did	a	crappy	job	and	they	got	infections	.
my	vet	even	said	it	was	not	my	fault	it	was	the	vet	that	did	the	surgery	,	so	i	would	not	recommend	getting	that	program	unless	you	have	an	extra	hundred	dollars	or	so	for	antibiotics	and	a	vet	visit	.
you	'd	think	they	would	do	a	good	job	but	they	do	n't	care	unless	they	are	getting	paid	full	price	.
which	is	so	dumb	.
not	to	mention	the	fact	that	they	gave	us	our	cats	back	not	even	30	minutes	after	they	were	out	from	surgery	.
billing	issues	...
i	had	a	routine	surgery	for	an	ingrown	toenail	.
my	insurance	company	,	blue	cross	/	blue	shield	paid	the	fees	and	everything	was	fine	.
then	i	got	a	bill	for	$	483.00	.
the	doctor	's	office	said	that	payments	had	been	"	reversed	"	.
blue	cross	has	no	record	of	aa	reversal	.
the	office	refused	my	requests	to	see	what	they	got	from	bc	/	bs	.
they	eventually	turned	it	over	to	a	collection	agency	and	now	will	not	even	discuss	the	matter	.
i	eventually	decided	to	just	pay	the	balance	even	though	the	doctor	has	already	been	paid	,	but	now	the	collection	agency	is	trying	to	say	another	reversal	of	$	160.00	has	come	through	.
it	was	an	ingrown	toenail	.
how	much	could	it	possibly	cost	?
not	only	am	i	being	bilked	for	money	i	do	not	owe	,	the	office	staff	is	rude	to	boot	.
i	think	this	office	has	some	serious	billing	practice	issues	!
we	have	been	blessed	to	find	elite	flyers	online	and	would	not	use	anyone	else	to	handle	our	postcards	,	posters	,	etc	.
we	were	looking	for	a	company	with	decent	rates	as	our	company	was	just	getting	started	.
they	have	the	best	rates	and	great	customer	service	.
on	one	order	,	we	needed	it	rushed	and	shipped	to	a	different	state	.
they	did	that	with	no	problem	.
i	also	appreciate	their	honesty	.
i	sent	a	graphic	that	would	have	been	distorted	if	printed	as	it	was	.
they	called	and	worked	with	me	to	fix	it	so	that	it	would	look	perfect	.
they	recently	surprised	me	a	larger	order	.
i	ordered	1000	postcards	,	we	normally	order	5000	or	more	.
because	they	had	room	to	do	5000	,	they	created	the	larger	amount	,	and	shipped	them	early	.
i	recommend	this	company	to	anyone	and	everyone	that	needs	great	work	done	at	a	reasonable	rate	!
they	have	a	customer	for	life	in	us	!
sheisters
i	made	the	mistake	of	buying	from	these	thieves	.
i	paid	2	k	cash	for	a	truck	with	a	blown	motor	.
their	so	called	mechanic	said	the	engine	was	good	and	"	there	is	nothing	mechanicly	wrong	with	this	truck	"	.
well	i	think	a	blown	engine	falls	under	the	catagory	of	mechanics	right	?
anyway	they	jimmy	rigged	it	so	i	could	drive	it	home	.
the	next	day	i	took	it	to	2	auto	shops	and	they	both	told	me	the	same	thing	,	engine	is	junk	.
i	called	and	got	the	same	runaround	on	hold	and	noone	calls	you	back	.
from	a	moral	standpoint	,	you	guys	are	really	gon	na	take	2,000	bucks	from	someone	that	needs	that	truck	to	work	and	support	his	family	when	you	know	it	s	just	a	piece	of	scrap	metal	?
if	it	lasted	1	month	i	could	suck	it	up	but	1	day	?
grimy	work	you	guys	do	.
buy	your	kids	somethin	nice	with	my	2	k	bucks	.
best	stationery	store	in	bethesda
papeluna	,	a	cute	mom	/	pop	custom	printing	and	paper	store	,	just	opened	a	few	days	ago	.
it	is	right	on	the	hustle	and	bustle	of	wisconsin	ave	but	some	might	miss	it	as	it	is	nestled	in	between	subway	sandwiches	and	modell	's	.
i	popped	in	after	my	afternoon	pumpkin	spice	latte	break	at	starbucks	.
it	's	an	adorable	little	store	filled	with	lots	of	stationery	goodness	.
cards	,	wrapping	paper	,	paper	,	and	an	area	to	sit	down	and	talk	with	someone	to	design	your	own	invitations	or	for	whatever	else	your	custom	printing	needs	may	be	.
i	gave	the	woman	i	spoke	with	today	a	"	you	've	been	yelped	!	"	card	to	let	her	know	that	yelp	may	be	a	good	tool	for	helping	spreading	the	word	about	papeluna	.
i	ended	up	buying	a	birthday	card	and	would	probably	come	back	for	more	.
printing	,	printing	,	copies	,	printing	,	copies	,	printing	,
watch	out	for	your	wallet
watch	out	for	your	wallet	!
this	company	is	overpriced	for	their	services	.
they	pride	themselves	on	being	an	event	and	team	building	company	for	corporate	clients	but	you	better	believe	they	are	going	to	mark	you	up	on	that	feel	good	premise	.
on	a	recent	event	quote	that	i	had	done	,	they	came	in	thousands	of	dollars	over	their	local	competition	.
the	craziest	part	is	that	they	are	n't	even	based	locally	at	the	city	i	'm	in	-	they	just	have	'	teams	'	in	areas	through	the	country	.
i	've	spoken	to	vendors	who	are	used	by	them	who	had	nothing	good	to	say	about	the	company	as	well	and	in	fact	were	afraid	to	quote	events	against	them	even	though	they	openly	admitted	that	they	felt	canadian	outback	was	pricing	their	entertainment	out	of	the	market	and	doing	more	to	hurt	their	business	than	help	them	.
be	warned	-	they	'll	ltake	you	for	everything	they	can	.
believe	me	.
this	is	the	premier	university	in	virginia	.
it	is	also	the	largest	.
with	a	pizza	hut	,	ihop	,	3	starbucks	,	chili	s	,	panera	,	and	chipotle	on	campus	alone	,	vcu	has	some	of	the	best	eating	options	for	students	.
vcu	has	the	#	1	art	school	in	america	,	and	excels	in	healthcare	and	medical	schooling	.
the	rams	,	the	vcu	sports	team	,	also	made	the	ncaa	final	4	this	year	,	too	!
vcu	also	offers	high	-	rise	living	for	students	and	professors	,	and	the	historic	yet	fixed	-	up	houses	in	the	fan	are	also	available	to	students	,	professors	,	or	even	people	wanting	to	live	in	a	safe	,	viable	community	.
vcu	is	also	minutes	from	downtown	richmond	,	canal	walk	,	carytown	,	stony	point	,	short	pump	,	and	the	vcu	medical	center	.
it	is	the	best	university	in	virginia	and	continuously	receives	rave	reviews	every	year	.
the	u	of	r	is	also	recommended	,	too	!
orr	's	a	nightmare	!
do	n't	go	!
my	boyfriend	and	i	were	woken	up	in	the	middle	of	the	night	at	our	campsite	by	drunken	kids	who	'd	arrived	around	1:00	am	and	were	drinking	at	the	springs	.
when	we	complained	to	the	management	-lrb-	as	we	were	instructed	to	do	if	there	were	any	problems	-rrb-	,	nothing	happened	!
then	,	the	next	morning	,	when	we	,	among	many	other	irate	guests	,	asked	to	speak	to	the	owner	,	he	refused	to	do	so	.
not	only	that	,	but	he	told	us	,	via	his	manager	,	that	it	was	our	responsibility	to	get	up	a	second	time	in	the	middle	of	the	night	and	call	the	night	staff	if	the	problem	continued	,	even	though	his	manager	did	nothing	the	first	time	to	stop	the	kids	.
orr	is	not	relaxing	,	it	's	not	a	safe	space	,	and	the	owner	is	awful	.
to	add	insult	to	injury	,	he	refused	to	refund	our	money	.
do	n't	go	!
fhs	is	a	good	high	school	--	c	/	o	1998
i	enjoyed	my	time	at	franklin	high	school	.
we	had	relatively	good	facilities	at	the	time	--	decent	science	labs	,	with	multiple	hoods	and	access	to	good	equipment	;	nice	gymnasiums	,	and	a	well	-	funded	music	department	-lrb-	i	was	in	the	guitar	ensemble	-rrb-	.
now	,	of	course	,	there	's	a	new	building	,	with	presumably	better	facilities	.
all	to	the	good	.
for	those	who	care	,	a	good	proportion	of	the	my	class	went	on	to	4	-	year	colleges	,	many	of	them	ranked	in	the	top	50	of	us	news	.
if	i	remember	,	students	went	to	dartmouth	,	u.	penn	,	duke	,	bu	,	william	and	mary	,	vassar	,	howard	,	and	carnegie	mellon	,	among	others	.
many	students	went	to	rutgers	,	including	their	top	-	ranked	pharmacy	program	.
the	point	is	--	fhs	gives	you	the	opportunity	to	make	it	to	a	good	college	,	but	you	need	to	work	hard	.
absolutely	the	best	little	motel	on	the	coast	!
i	've	stayed	at	this	fabulous	little	motel	two	years	running	,	and	i	have	to	say	it	's	one	of	the	best	lodging	experiences	i	've	ever	had	on	the	coast	...	and	i	'm	even	comparing	it	to	the	big	resorts	i	've	stayed	at	!
a	large	group	of	my	friends	and	i	rent	almost	the	whole	motel	every	year	for	a	weekend	,	and	the	experience	and	stay	have	always	been	five	-	star	.
the	rooms	are	so	clean	,	the	managers	/	owners	are	the	nicest	people	,	the	place	feels	so	homey	,	and	the	location	and	grounds	are	beautiful	.
there	's	a	restaurant	nearby	-lrb-	walking	distance	-rrb-	with	a	great	breakfast	,	and	a	market	across	the	street	.
the	motel	is	very	well	maintained	,	and	the	managers	are	so	accomodating	,	it	's	kind	of	like	visiting	family	each	year	!	;--rrb-
i	honestly	ca	n't	rave	enough	about	this	place	...	it	's	really	a	hidden	gem	worth	checking	out	!
my	favorite	cuban	cafe	in	orlando
i	have	been	eating	cuban	for	a	long	time	,	sandwiches	mainly	along	with	other	dishes	..
i	love	cuban	coffee	,	colada	...	mmmm	anyways	i	found	this	place	and	ca	n't	stop	going	there	,	i	stop	in	at	least	once	a	week	and	anytime	i	'm	in	the	area	for	a	cuban	coffee	or	snack	.
the	place	is	chill	and	comfortable	.
they	do	n't	speak	the	best	english	but	enough	to	get	by	.
they	bake	bread	fresh	daily	,	they	do	n't	press	their	sandwiches	which	is	the	way	i	like	it	,	and	the	meat	is	always	fresh	.
they	have	a	great	lunch	special	with	your	choice	of	meat	,	chicken	,	steak	,	or	pork	and	rice	and	black	beans	and	fried	plantains	.
and	their	breakfast	is	awesome	!!
i	can	not	describe	how	delicious	the	mango	and	cheese	pastries	and	the	omelets	are	to	die	for	.
stop	in	and	have	a	bite	you	wo	n't	regret	it	.
a	slice	of	heaven	in	winter	park	off	forsyth	!
highly	recommended	.
i	have	been	going	to	warner	family	for	a	number	of	years	and	would	highly	recommend	it	to	anyone	.
i	've	read	some	of	the	reviews	below	and	would	like	to	state	that	yes	,	like	any	other	doctor	s	office	there	is	sometimes	a	wait	-lrb-	depending	on	what	other	patients	are	being	seen	for	-rrb-	and	some	of	the	tests	and	procedures	that	are	ran	can	be	costly	-lrb-	just	like	they	would	be	for	any	other	medical	tests	elsewhere	if	you	do	not	have	insurance	-rrb-	...
i	have	seen	several	of	the	providers	from	the	office	and	have	not	once	been	shown	anything	but	care	and	consideration	.
i	ca	nt	speak	for	them	but	any	tests	or	appointments	they	recommend	are	probably	in	the	best	interests	of	us	-lrb-	the	patient	-rrb-	and	you	have	the	ability	to	decline	anything	that	they	suggest	to	you	.
i	personally	have	had	wonderful	service	and	if	you	re	truely	looking	for	a	family	practice	...	warner	family	is	the	place	for	you	.
not	what	i	expected	!
we	read	the	good	reviews	before	going	and	had	high	hopes	..	but	to	our	dismay	it	did	nt	turn	out	that	way	!
~	it	took	over	40	mins	to	be	taken	to	our	table	,	once	there	it	took	another	20	mins	to	get	our	orders	and	a	further	45	mins	till	our	starters	landed	on	our	table	.
very	frustrating	for	a	restaurant	that	has	1	rosette	and	is	supposedly	renowned	for	the	service	...	hmm	there	was	no	canape's	or	amuse	to	keep	us	occupied	,	once	we	complained	about	the	wait	they	took	us	something	to	nibble	on	but	that	took	us	getting	out	our	chairs	and	wondering	round	to	do	that	and	it	was	impossible	to	get	anyone	s	attention	.
scallops	were	overcooked	and	the	foie	gras	was	cold	but	the	rest	of	the	food	was	lovely	.
on	top	of	that	though	they	tried	to	charge	us	service	charge	just	to	rub	it	it	....
would	n't	go	back	as	there	are	a	lot	of	places	a	lot	better	and	cheaper	.
nice	selection	,	very	clean	,	friendly	staff	!
hot	iron	has	become	a	favorite	of	our	family	.
everyone	can	get	the	signature	dish	with	ingredients	and	spices	that	they	want	and	have	the	fun	of	watching	it	cook	.
the	staff	are	very	friendly	and	conscientious	.
they	always	ask	if	you	have	meat	in	your	dish	,	-lrb-	for	vegetarians	like	me	-rrb-	,	they	scrub	an	area	of	the	grill	and	use	separate	utensils	to	cook	.
they	do	n't	just	dump	your	ingredients	on	and	cook	either	,	but	carefully	separate	meat	to	the	hotter	parts	of	the	grill	and	still	manage	to	keep	the	veggies	from	turning	to	mush	.
the	selection	of	meats	,	veggies	and	sauces	is	awesome	too	!
every	time	we	go	they	seem	to	have	a	different	ingredient	or	two	which	keeps	things	interesting	.
meats	are	kept	very	cold	,	seafood	smells	fresh	and	the	serving	bar	is	very	clean	.
prices	are	reasonable	,	-lrb-	kid	s	meals	are	around	4.99	-rrb-	and	wednesday's	they	have	discount	dinner	prices	,	i	believe	.
great	cookies	,	cakes	,	and	customer	service
it	was	my	birthday	and	i	had	a	last	minute	idea	to	have	a	bakery	cake	instead	of	one	pre-made	in	a	convenience	store	,	but	the	problem	was	it	was	the	day	before	valentine	s	and	when	many	bakeries	turned	me	down	for	a	plain	vanilla	rectangle	cake	,	fiona	stepped	up	to	the	plate	and	was	able	to	make	a	fantastic	beautiful	cake	.
not	only	did	it	taste	wonderful	,	but	the	texture	was	unbelievable	,	the	frosting	was	n't	overly	sweet	to	over	power	the	cake	,	and	the	cake	itself	was	just	amazingly	soft	,	and	fluffy	,	and	just	perfect	overall	.
although	i	'll	have	to	drive	a	little	out	of	my	way	to	go	there	,	i	'll	gladly	do	it	knowing	that	since	she	's	been	astounding	to	me	once	before	that	she	'll	always	be	that	way	!
-lrb-	also	she	has	a	really	great	website	!
and	we	bought	a	few	cookies	there	too	,	they	were	fantastic	as	well	!	-rrb-
she	deserves	many	5	star	reviews	!!
food	craving	gone	and	weight	loss	at	acupuncture	doctor
i	am	a	college	student	.
before	treatment	,	my	food	cravings	were	"	out	of	control	"	which	caused	me	to	be	stressed	out	.
i	experienced	a	definite	decrease	in	food	craving	-lrb-	about	50	%	-rrb-	and	decrease	in	stress	after	the	1st	treatment	.
i	actually	loss	4	pounds	after	my	1st	treatment	and	2	pounds	after	my	2nd	treatment	.
i	was	amazed	.
i	am	now	more	at	peace	and	my	food	craving	is	about	99	%	gone	after	only	3	treatments	.
before	coming	to	acupuncture	doctor	i	was	a	big	baby	about	needles	and	only	came	because	my	boyfriend	's	aunt	recommended	it	.
it	hurt	very	little	,	felt	more	like	pressure	than	pain	.
what	i	like	most	about	dr.	liau	is	that	she	is	very	caring	.
she	talks	to	you	at	each	appointment	.
i	can	tell	she	really	cares	and	wants	to	help	.
i	am	so	glad	to	have	found	dr.	liau	.
now	i	feel	more	confident	wearing	my	bathing	suit	in	the	summer	.
an	asset	to	richmond
for	a	long	time	,	one	big	source	of	entertainment	missing	from	the	richmond	city	limits	was	a	first	-	run	multiplex	.
bowtie	has	filled	that	role	nicely	.
the	theatre	is	in	an	old	brick	warehouse	,	which	is	a	block	away	from	the	flying	squirrels	stadium	.
the	owners	of	bowtie	manged	to	add	something	new	while	preserving	what	was	already	there	.
the	theatre	has	greatly	improved	the	surrounding	neighborhood	.
there	's	plenty	of	parking	,	and	i	've	never	had	an	issue	with	audience	members	who	wo	n't	stop	talking	or	answering	their	cellphones	.
best	of	all	,	there	are	no	ads	!!!!	!
just	previews	and	the	main	feature	.
expect	to	pay	full	price	,	and	the	theatres	themselves	are	on	the	small	side	.
but	if	you	like	going	to	the	movies	,	you	should	love	bowtie	.
the	mangers	also	play	a	classic	movies	on	sundays	,	you	can	get	a	beer	in	the	lobby	,	and	repeat	customers	can	get	discounts	if	they	have	a	member	card	.
a	great	cinema	in	a	great	location	.
thank	you	,	bowtie	!
craft	wonderland	with	history
my	first	visit	was	so	fun	yesterday	.
i	could	have	stayed	all	day	and	not	seen	all	the	things	.
i	am	doing	origami	jewelry	and	found	exactly	the	right	things	for	earrings	and	got	many	other	ideas	there	too	.
i	bought	a	beginner	s	quilling	set	and	like	making	the	filigree	forms	you	can	make	and	add	to	other	crafts	.
the	owner	,	jean	,	has	been	there	31	years	!
what	a	history	.
she	is	a	super	sweet	,	lovable	and	well	-	informed	woman	with	a	great	sense	of	humor	.
i	really	enjoyed	meeting	her	and	happy	to	learn	she	comes	from	oklahoma	and	has	the	values	of	a	solid	no	bs	country	girl	.
this	store	is	a	real	gem	and	has	much	to	offer	the	serious	crafter	or	the	occasional	crafter	.
by	the	way	,	salmagundi	-lrb-	the	store	name	-rrb-	means	something	like	smorgasbord	;	potpourri	;	motley	;	variety	;	mixed	bag	;	miscellaneous	assortment	;	mixture	,	a	variety	of	many	kinds	of	things	.
great	name	for	a	great	store	!
shop	local	!
barbara	quimba	1/30/10
the	2010	genesis	is	grrrrrrrreeeaaat	!
i	am	a	proud	owner	of	a	brand	new	2010	hyundai	genesis	.
i	have	never	seen	this	car	before	until	this	lady	at	wal	mart	had	it	and	she	told	me	she	got	it	here	and	that	everyone	was	so	nice	to	her	.
i	asked	her	who	she	worked	with	and	she	just	told	me	ti	was	the	sales	manager	.
i	took	the	weekend	off	and	came	in	and	asked	for	the	manager	who	is	jeff	and	he	remembered	her	right	away	even	remembered	her	dog	,	i	was	a	bit	shocked	that	someone	would	pay	that	close	attention	.
we	got	to	talking	and	he	got	me	set	up	and	i	test	drove	with	craig	and	i	fell	head	over	heels	for	this	car	all	i	kept	saying	,	"	was	i	got	ta	have	it	!	"
i	thouhgt	it	would	be	out	of	my	price	range	but	they	really	worked	with	me	and	now	i	could	nt	be	happier	.
jeff	and	craig	are	really	good	at	what	they	do	and	know	exactly	how	to	treat	a	customer	.
definitely	go	see	them	!
bait	and	switch	,	untrained	workers
called	the	bonanza	store	2	weeks	ago	,	before	i	ripped	out	350	sq	ft	of	ceramic	tile	...	was	told	i	would	need	a	"	dual	head	concrete	grinder	"	to	remove	thinset	and	make	a	nice	"	finished	"	look	-lrb-	ready	for	concrete	stain	-rrb-	.
was	quoted	$	55	all	inclusive	of	grinder	inserts	,	etc	.
no	problem	,	sounded	like	it	's	done	every	day	.
will	look	beautiful	.
got	the	tile	ripped	out	,	call	today	,	now	all	the	sudden	this	grinder	wo	n't	leave	a	finished	look	and	it	's	$	125	plus	around	$	75	for	the	inserts	.
i	can	rent	another	machine	for	like	$	60	that	will	give	it	a	finished	look	.
so	from	$	55	to	$	260	?
are	they	serious	?
i	feel	like	they	did	n't	tell	me	the	pitfalls	before	i	pulled	out	this	tile	and	now	that	i	have	no	other	options	they	want	5	times	the	price	?
either	these	people	do	n't	know	anything	about	what	they	are	renting	,	or	worse	-	they	are	bait	and	switching	.
one	suspects	that	earlier	reviewer	works	for	another	laundry	.
outside	of	parking	being	at	a	premium	,	especially	on	discount	days	,	the	laundry	tub	is	not	filthy	and	it	's	no	smaller	than	any	of	a	dozen	laundromats	i	've	been	in	.
yes	,	there	are	bigger	,	but	bigger	is	n't	necessarily	better	.
i	availed	myself	of	the	wash	'n	fold	service	,	taking	just	about	a	year	's	worth	of	dirty	clothes	in	and	getting	back	neatly	folded	,	clean	clothes	in	clear	plastic	bags	-lrb-	i	'd	originally	brought	them	in	,	in	six	large	yellow	garbage	bags	-rrb-	.
the	cost	was	certainly	reasonable	and	i	will	continue	my	patronage	of	the	laundry	tub	in	the	future	.
did	n't	hurt	any	that	they	knew	my	name	by	my	second	visit	and	greeted	me	warmly	then	and	on	my	third	visit	.
whereas	my	answer	to	the	question	"	where	do	you	get	your	laundry	done	?	"	used	to	be	,	"	at	the	checkout	line	at	walmart	,	"	i	can	honestly	say	the	answer	now	is	,	"	at	the	laundry	tub	.	"
thank	you	!
i	recently	took	a	rescue	puppy	to	this	clinic	and	i	was	shocked	at	how	well	romeo	and	my	family	was	treated	.
they	worked	around	the	clock	to	ensure	that	my	puppy	life	was	saved	.
we	have	to	leave	him	at	the	vet	for	3	days	and	i	was	told	to	call	for	check	ups	as	often	as	i	wished	that	no	matter	how	many	times	i	called	i	would	not	annoy	them	.
lol	they	where	super	friendly	towards	us	and	treated	us	like	people	not	walking	bags	of	cash	.
in	this	day	it	s	rare	to	find	such	wonderful	people	who	care	,	not	the	kind	of	want	to	make	cash	.
i	would	strongly	suggest	you	give	them	the	chance	to	prove	to	you	that	not	all	people	in	this	world	are	evil	!
i	will	never	go	to	another	vet	as	long	as	i	have	animals	.
i	live	nearly	two	hours	away	and	yet	i	will	still	make	the	drive	to	see	them	!
in	fact	i	look	forward	to	taking	my	animals	to	the	vet	simply	because	of	how	my	animals	and	i	are	treated	.
okay	,	here	's	the	scoop	.
i	'm	a	regular	at	the	hh	.
the	food	is	excellent	,	the	serivce	is	horrible	.
i	think	they	're	still	in	the	mindset	from	when	it	was	only	smokers	sitting	around	and	drinking	...	not	in	any	hurry	.
in	my	experience	the	food	has	been	excellent	-lrb-	for	the	most	part	-rrb-	.
however	,	the	bartenders	/	waitresses	definately	need	to	be	re-trained	-lrb-	if	they	ever	had	any	to	begin	with	-rrb-	and	learn	two	things	:	only	chat	with	customers	when	other	customers	are	not	impatiently	waiting	and	to	look	around	more	often	to	see	if	people	are	waiting	.
in	some	cases	the	result	is	because	of	understaffing	,	in	some	cases	the	staff	just	does	n't	care	/	know	better	.
they	must	also	get	something	to	keep	take	-	out	warm	,	so	it	's	not	room	temperature	at	best	when	you	get	it	home	.
you	just	have	to	know	what	you	're	getting	into	when	you	go	.
nice	local	pub	,	excellent	food	-lrb-	especially	wings	-rrb-	,	and	do	n't	go	if	you	have	a	limited	amount	of	time	.
trust	the	midas	touch
i	personally	trust	this	midas	store	with	all	my	vehicles	,	i	have	been	going	there	for	years	&	would	never	go	anywhere	else	!
the	staff	is	very	personable	&	actually	care	about	the	customers	safety	rather	than	taking	there	money	.
this	is	however	a	very	busy	shop	but	there	are	appointments	available	&	the	staff	up	front	will	surely	make	sure	you	get	back	in	a	timely	manner	.
i	look	at	some	of	these	other	comments	&	laugh	because	people	think	that	the	world	revolves	around	them	!
like	the	girl	with	the	fuse	problem	...
midas	has	the	most	high	tech	equipment	in	town	&	i	guarantee	you	if	they	told	you	it	was	electrical	then	in	deed	it	s	electrical	!
maybe	you	should	understand	how	the	world	works	&	realize	you	are	just	like	any	other	person	&	not	put	yourself	on	a	pedestal	.
i	will	continue	going	to	dave	at	midas	because	he	is	one	of	the	most	honest	business	owners	in	this	town	!
when	having	your	car	worked	on	you	have	to	trust	the	mechanic	&	this	midas	is	truly	someone	you	can	trust	!
we	decided	to	try	this	place	last	night	because	we	noticed	that	it	had	some	interesting	things	on	the	menu	aside	from	the	usual	rolls	--	live	scallop	sashimi	,	duck	breast	nigiri	with	foie	gras	,	panko	mussels	--	but	none	of	these	were	particularly	great	or	worth	the	sticker	price	.
additionally	we	tried	the	logan	circle	roll	,	spicy	crab	and	tuna	roll	,	and	sweet	potato	tempura	roll	-lrb-	$	15	,	$	10	,	and	$	3.75	respectively	-rrb-	.
the	sweet	potato	tempura	roll	was	actually	a	great	surprise	:	cheap	and	delicious	,	the	only	thing	we	tried	that	i	would	say	was	well	worth	it	and	a	great	value	-lrb-	and	i	never	get	vegetarian	rolls	-rrb-	.
the	other	rolls	were	n't	at	all	special	,	especially	given	their	pricing	.
the	bottom	line	is	that	the	food	is	n't	great	and	is	relatively	high	-	priced	.
the	service	is	solicitous	,	the	atmosphere	is	nice	and	mod	except	the	out	-	of	-	place	flat	-	screen	tv	playing	football	.
but	i	'd	go	elsewhere	unless	the	prices	are	cut	.
it	's	just	not	worth	it	.
do	n't	expect	sleep	or	courtesy
i	was	booked	for	2	nights	at	this	hotel	in	oct	2007	.
at	3:15	am	on	night	#	2	,	the	fire	alarm	and	strobe	light	activated	in	my	room	.
these	are	not	household	type	alarms	.
when	they	sound	off	,	it	is	a	true	audio	/	visual	experience	.
i	called	the	front	desk	and	got	no	answer	.
after	checking	for	signs	of	fire	or	smoke	and	seeing	none	,	i	decided	to	just	pack	up	and	leave	.
the	desk	agent	actually	argued	with	me	,	claiming	that	no	such	alarm	had	gone	off	-lrb-	as	if	i	would	make	that	up	?	-rrb-	.
he	finally	admitted	that	only	the	4	ada	room	alarms	had	sounded	,	so	only	4	guests	were	effected	-lrb-	no	big	deal	to	him	-rrb-	.
this	little	drip	offered	no	apologies	whatsoever	,	and	even	refused	to	give	me	the	name	of	the	manager	until	i	pressed	him	for	it	3	times	.
this	hotel	is	adequate	enough	,	but	there	is	an	obvious	problem	with	the	staff	and	management	.
do	not	go	there	if	you	expect	to	sleep	through	the	night	.
poor	service	,	lack	of	passion	:	do	not	go
i	began	seeing	dr.	romanick	back	in	2000	and	have	seen	a	significant	decline	in	the	quality	of	care	,	patient	-	doctor	communication	,	and	just	the	overall	level	of	services	.
the	poor	quality	starts	at	the	receptionist	desk	,	where	the	staff	is	very	impatient	and	lack	the	efficiency	i	once	loved	about	the	office	.
it	took	them	nearly	two	months	to	complete	a	simple	task	,	and	countless	calls	from	my	part	due	to	their	lack	of	response	and	passion	-lrb-	not	that	it	's	a	requirement	for	the	job	,	but	it	helps	to	at	least	pretend	to	be	helpful	-rrb-	.
also	,	i	was	promised	to	have	my	test	results	emailed	to	me	,	but	it	never	happened	,	and	after	a	few	attempts	to	get	dr.	romanick	on	the	phone	to	brief	me	on	my	condition	,	i	finally	gave	up	and	went	to	a	different	doctor	.
please	do	not	go	there	if	it	's	professional	,	friendly	,	diligent	medical	services	you	're	looking	for	.
save	yourself	the	trouble	,	money	and	time	and	visit	a	more	caring	facility	/	doctor	.
the	moving	company	is	actualy	based	in	brooklyn	,	but	advertised	all	over	ny	/	nj	,	including	fort	lee	.
when	the	guys	arrived	-lrb-	2	hours	later	than	agreed	-rrb-	they	told	that	you	have	to	pay	all	the	tolls	they	payed	coming	from	brooklyn	and	extra	$	100	for	them	to	drive	back	from	your	destination	.
that	was	not	in	agreement	eather	,	but	they	realy	demand	it	.
and	another	$	100	for	wrapping	the	furniture	.
so	totalling	$	212	just	for	start	before	any	work	started	.
guess	what	,	was	not	in	the	initial	agreement	as	well	.
i	was	moving	out	from	2	bdr	apartment	and	it	took	for	3	strong	guys	6	hours	to	load	a	track	-lrb-	from	2	pm	-	8	pm	-rrb-	.
the	only	reason	i	'm	giving	3	stars	instead	of	1	or	2	,	i	should	admit	,	nothing	was	broken	.
so	i	still	can	recomend	them	but	prepare	pay	twice	as	much	as	they	tell	you	initially	.
one	more	thing	,	they	do	n't	take	any	credit	cards	or	checks	.
you	have	to	pay	cash	only	before	they	start	unloading	track	on	your	destination	.
worst	apartments	ever
we	lived	here	for	2	years	,	the	first	year	or	so	was	okay	.
then	,	the	more	power	they	gave	to	linda	,	the	worse	the	place	got	.
we	were	always	having	our	water	shut	off	,	there	were	always	people	having	parties	at	the	pool	,	even	after	it	was	supposed	to	be	closed	.
the	pool	was	supposed	to	close	at	10	and	they	would	have	people	down	there	until	11:45	yelling	,	playing	music	and	do	who	-	knows	-	what	in	the	dark	corners	of	the	pool	.
then	,	when	we	moved	out	,	we	cleaned	the	apartment	top	to	bottom	,	they	came	back	and	tried	to	charge	us	for	two	cleaning	fees	-lrb-	and	we	never	got	our	deposit	back	-rrb-	and	past	utilities	-lrb-	that	were	already	paid	,	we	have	check	numbers	and	records	of	this	-rrb-	.
linda	is	the	rudest	person	you	will	ever	talk	to	and	she	sticks	up	for	all	of	the	trashy	,	rude	people	that	live	there	,	not	the	nice	ones	that	actually	give	a	crap	about	respecting	others	.
do	not	live	here	,	you	will	regret	it	!
the	worst	experience	ever	!!!
i	have	worked	with	ted	jurek	at	decor	and	you	,	and	it	started	out	as	a	decent	experience	.
he	was	referred	to	me	by	a	friend	,	who	did	n't	have	the	best	experience	with	ted	,	but	said	that	ted	was	able	to	make	up	for	his	lack	of	preparedness	at	the	end	.
i	figure	i	would	give	this	company	a	chance	.
however	,	after	giving	a	required	$	500.00	-lrb-	non	refundable	-rrb-	deposit	before	seeing	any	plans	or	ideas	,	i	was	sorry	i	did	.
we	met	a	couple	of	weeks	later	,	ted	was	late	.
he	brought	fabric	books	,	and	pictures	of	furniture	only	,	which	all	came	way	over	budget	.
by	the	time	we	got	to	the	budget	i	told	him	i	could	work	with	,	there	was	basically	no	design	.
just	curtains	and	a	couple	of	accessories	.
what	is	that	?????
this	company	is	way	too	expensive	with	nothing	to	show	for	it	.
please	everyone	....	take	heed	and	do	n't	get	caught	up	in	the	hype	about	decor	and	you	working	with	every	budget	...
this	is	just	a	way	for	them	to	squirm	their	way	into	your	precious	pocket
horrible	.
horrible	.
when	we	walked	in	,	the	person	behind	desk	said	:	"	oh	well	,	you	must	wait	,	i	am	in	the	middle	of	something	.	"
after	a	good	few	minutes	,	he	asked	:	"	what	do	you	want	?	"
somewhere	in	between	his	rudeness	he	asked	if	we	smoked	.
i	asked	if	this	hotel	had	smoking	rooms	.
he	immediately	said	"	no	,	there	is	a	$	50	deposit	now	!	"
sure	enough	he	charged	it	to	the	credit	card	.
when	i	inquired	he	rudely	replied	"	in	the	morning	when	things	are	checked	out	you	'll	get	it	back	.	"
i	called	customer	service	about	it	because	the	website	specifically	states	that	there	are	no	other	charges	at	the	check	-	in	.
i	also	mentioned	to	the	reception	person	.
he	responded	"	we	have	problem	with	'	people	'	"	.
imagine	a	hotel	having	problems	with	people	.
i	finally	alerted	him	to	his	rudeness	.
he	said	he	's	had	a	long	and	bad	day	.
we	had	no	choice	but	to	stay	but	will	take	this	as	far	as	we	can	.
do	n't	stay	there	.
i	came	to	find	out	the	person	was	the	hotel	owner	also	.
my	friend	and	i	were	to	stay	here	for	a	girls	night	,	catch	up	on	our	lives	evening	.
we	live	within	20	miles	of	the	hotel	and	wanted	to	get	away	from	our	responsibilities	for	the	night	.
unfortunalty	my	husband	and	i	had	to	put	our	13	year	old	lab	down	that	morning	and	we	were	not	expecting	this	.
my	friend	called	the	hotel	to	cancel	our	room	as	soon	as	i	called	her	.
they	said	that	we	were	to	be	charged	for	this	room	regardless	because	we	did	not	cancel	within	the	72	hours	.
i	called	them	back	a	few	hours	after	putting	my	bodhi	down	and	they	still	would	n't	budge	.
times	are	hard	,	i	know	,	but	they	had	no	compassion	.
i	called	3	times	to	talked	to	a	manager	,	never	a	call	back	.
i	emailed	4	times	,	never	a	response	.
in	one	of	the	emails	i	attached	the	letter	from	the	vet	's	that	expressed	their	sympathy	,	this	hotel	did	nothing	.
i	even	emailed	mackinaw	tourist	and	nothing	.
i	am	sure	this	is	a	good	place	to	stay	from	reading	the	other	reviews	,	but	if	something	unexpected	happens	in	your	life	,	they	will	not	care	.
fanfuckingtastic
ok	i	am	a	new	yorker	who	has	been	going	to	school	in	oxford	,	england	.
i	thought	the	uk	was	completely	devoid	of	good	nyc	style	pizza	.
i	thought	to	get	a	decent	pizza	the	only	way	was	at	a	fancy	restaurant	,	and	i	have	to	get	a	whole	pie	.
i	thought	i	would	have	to	wait	until	i	went	home	to	nyc	.
well	then	i	went	on	a	trip	to	glasgow	and	was	walking	around	.
i	saw	this	place	and	it	looked	like	the	holy	grail	.
i	knew	i	had	found	the	real	deal	,	big	pies	,	sold	by	the	slice	,	with	the	pizzas	sitting	under	the	glass	in	the	front	.
they	have	crushed	red	pepper	flakes	and	oregano	.
so	i	ordered	a	slice	.
it	tasted	like	i	just	flew	back	home	.
i	du	n	no	how	they	did	it	,	but	scottish	friends	---	this	is	the	real	deal	.
i	congratulated	this	establishment	for	doing	the	research	on	making	nyc	pizza	because	these	scots	fcking	nailed	it	.
that	being	said	,	i	do	n't	know	how	their	delivery	service	is	.
they	might	want	to	change	the	name	to	reflect	the	new	yorkedness	of	the	pizza	,	scrummy	yummy	sounds	gimmicky	to	me	.
good	food	,	good	wait	staff	,	poor	management
we	visited	on	7/26/08	for	dinner	we	received	a	gift	certificate	for	the	mama	mia	's	on	greenfield	ave	.
the	food	was	good	,	and	so	was	our	waitress	.
when	it	came	time	to	pay	the	bill	up	front	,	they	would	not	let	me	use	any	of	the	certificate	for	a	tip	-lrb-	which	i	have	done	with	any	other	restaurant	i	've	gotten	a	gift	certificate	for	.	-rrb-
i	then	asked	if	i	could	have	money	back	in	cash	.
the	person	went	to	go	check	with	the	manager	,	who	was	sitting	at	a	table	chatting	with	her	friends	who	were	eating	there	.
her	answer	was	short	and	manner	rather	rude	.
sorry	for	interrupting	i	guess	.
the	cashier	was	also	short	,	unapologetic	and	made	me	feel	as	i	was	wasting	her	time	.
there	were	no	other	options	available	-lrb-	i	only	brought	my	check	card	to	cover	any	overage	cost	-rrb-	and	she	rang	it	up	and	applied	it	to	the	gift	card	before	telling	me	about	the	tip	policy	.
i	will	not	be	visiting	mama	mia	's	again	.
there	are	other	places	with	food	just	as	good	with	management	that	values	customers	and	employees	much	more	.
dining	at	texas	roadhouse
texas	roadhouse	has	very	good	meals	,	that	the	meat	comes	right	off	the	bones	.
it	has	very	good	prices	.
on	a	bad	note	the	waiting	area	is	not	enjoyable	or	enough	seats	.
also	,	there	should	not	be	peanuts	all	over	the	floor	.
next	,	there	should	only	be	one	person	bringing	you	your	food	.
it	s	not	a	big	deal	but	i	had	to	take	my	salad	home	because	they	forgot	to	bring	it	.
i	had	to	ask	the	girl	who	brought	my	food	and	she	never	came	back	to	let	me	know	.
i	had	to	wait	for	my	waitress	.
when	you	first	come	in	the	hostess	is	not	very	friendly	,	there	is	just	a	bunch	of	workers	standing	there	.
i	was	there	on	march	6th	,	2009	.
i	was	also	there	of	july	4th	2008	,	when	my	daughter	s	buffalo	wings	came	out	with	a	fly	on	it	.
the	manager	came	over	and	said	he	was	sorry	and	gave	a	new	batch	of	wings	,	he	said	we	ca	nt	really	do	anything	because	the	doors	are	always	opening	and	closing	.
in	my	opinion	should	of	just	took	off	the	price	of	the	wings	from	the	bill	.
but	everyone	has	there	own	way	!!!!!!
mezza	luna	ftw	!
their	mezza	luna's	are	deffly	better	than	the	pizza	rolls	.
it	s	like	a	pizza	roll	,	but	they	just	toss	ham	and	cheese	inside	.
it	seems	like	it	s	healthier	too	,	but	it	s	prolly	not	.
also	,	you	can	call	em	ahead	of	time	,	and	then	go	to	pick	up	ur	food	,	or	have	it	delivered	**	.
that	cuts	down	on	teh	wait	time	,	cus	u	can	do	other	stuff	while	u	r	waiting	.
it	usually	takes	20	mins	for	a	mezza	luna	,	as	they	have	to	add	pure	delicious	extract	to	the	mix	.
their	pizza	was	a	little	salty	for	me	,	but	it	s	still	good	.
they	do	that	whole	thing	where	you	sandwich	the	pepperoni	between	layers	of	cheese	for	+	32	delicious	.
anyways	,	the	mezza	luna	:	you	should	try	it	.
it	runs	you	about	4	bucks	and	it	deals	crushing	blows	to	hunger	.
**	edit	:	living	on	campus	at	clarkson	university	,	i	have	had	food	delivered	before	.
this	was	back	between	'05	and	'09	and	i	do	n't	remember	how	many	times	we	've	had	it	delivered	.
perhaps	they	do	n't	deliver	anymore	,	but	the	deliciousness	of	a	mezza	luna	certainly	warrants	a	pickup	.
my	2004	x	-	type	was	getting	close	to	100,000	miles	so	it	was	time	for	an	upgrade	.
i	sent	my	wife	and	daughter	over	to	check	out	a	pre-owned	2009	xf	.
michael	chestney	was	very	pleasant	and	patient	with	my	wife	and	she	suggested	i	go	check	it	out	.
i	went	in	later	that	afternoon	and	met	with	michael	.
he	showed	me	the	car	i	was	interested	in	and	we	took	a	test	drive	.
i	loved	the	car	so	we	began	negotiating	my	trade	-	in	and	the	price	of	the	09	xf	.
the	entire	negotiation	took	about	20	minutes	.
fair	give	and	take	on	both	sides	until	we	agreed	on	a	deal	that	was	within	my	parameters	and	was	fair	to	both	sides	.
10	minutes	of	paperwork	and	i	was	the	owner	of	a	beautiful	pre-owned	09	xf	.
i	have	purchased	over	15	vehicles	-lrb-	cars	,	rvs	,	and	boats	-rrb-	in	my	lifetime	and	i	have	to	say	the	experience	with	michael	and	barrett	motor	cars	of	san	antonio	was	one	of	the	best	.
friendly	,	knowledgeable	,	and	above	all	fair	.
that	's	all	you	can	really	ask	from	a	car	dealer	and	michael	and	barrett	hit	all	3	.
thanks	for	the	great	deal	and	the	great	car	!
identity	theft
myself	and	my	fiance	's	identity	was	stolen	from	the	office	staff	.
we	were	told	by	a	detective	and	asked	to	check	our	credit	for	anything	unusual	.
luckily	they	caught	the	crooks	before	they	did	one	on	us	.
it	was	a	black	female	that	use	to	work	in	the	office	.
she	stole	the	information	and	gave	it	to	another	guy	that	did	all	the	work	.
the	other	guy	was	pulled	over	one	day	and	a	cop	saw	suspicious	papers	with	names	and	social	security	numbers	on	it	.
that	s	how	they	were	caught	.
they	both	went	to	jail	and	a	new	manager	was	put	in	charge	of	the	apartments	.
the	apartment	across	from	mine	belonged	to	a	gang	of	hookers	.
nobody	lived	there	.
a	girl	would	show	up	,	then	a	guy	in	a	nice	car	would	show	up	.
short	time	later	the	guy	would	leave	,	then	the	girl	.
my	apartment	was	usually	quiet	.
i	lived	in	one	that	did	not	face	the	parking	lot	.
parking	spaces	are	just	big	enough	for	a	mini	cooper	.
it	sucked	having	an	suv	.
if	i	found	a	spot	,	i	could	nt	fit	in	it	.
gates	worked	30	%	of	the	time	at	best	.
bugs	were	a	small	problem	,	nothing	too	bad	.
the	best	there	is	in	service	.
i	was	recently	traveling	down	i	-	24	from	nashville	with	my	3	young	children	and	had	a	blowout	on	the	southeast	side	of	murfreesboro	.
it	was	4:50	when	a	friend	told	me	to	call	bud	,	he	would	take	care	of	me	.
not	only	did	they	answer	the	phone	at	4:50	on	a	thursday	,	they	hit	the	ground	moving	!.
they	tracked	down	the	only	tire	that	fit	my	bmw	330i	in	murfreesboro	within	minutes	and	secured	it	,	then	they	came	out	,	took	off	my	tire	-lrb-	it	was	a	runflat	-	but	runflats	do	n't	do	you	any	good	if	they	blow	out	-rrb-	,	and	brought	it	to	their	shop	to	change	the	tire	.
they	were	back	quickly	considering	how	far	outside	of	murfreesboro	we	were	and	had	us	on	our	way	by	6:30	that	evening	.
thanks	bud	for	all	of	your	help	and	taking	time	away	from	your	family	that	evening	.
it	's	without	a	doubt	,	the	best	service	experience	i	've	ever	had	and	just	to	be	clear	,	the	price	he	charged	me	was	the	same	as	my	tire	guy	in	nashville	's	price	for	putting	on	the	other	rear	tire	.
i	hope	i	can	return	the	favor	in	the	future	!
alan	grissom
room	ok	.
service	and	client	base	not	ok	.
i	have	stayed	in	this	hotel	many	times	,	and	while	it	typically	offers	a	decent	bang	for	the	buck	,	its	client	base	largely	consists	of	troubled	youngsteers	and	evictees	from	the	local	,	not	so	pleasant	hood	.
i	have	never	considered	this	a	real	problem	as	i	travel	without	kids	and	can	fend	for	myself	,	but	when	i	had	to	listen	to	a	-lrb-	non-violent	-rrb-	domestic	fight	that	lasted	from	1	am	to	5	am	during	my	last	stay	and	i	found	out	that	the	front	desk	was	unmanned	during	night	hours	,	my	choice	was	to	either	waste	tax	payers	money	by	calling	for	a	yet	another	police	dispatch	to	this	hotel	,	or	just	get	over	it	.
i	chose	the	later	,	but	approached	the	front	desk	about	the	hotel	policy	to	push	over	their	responsibilities	on	local	authorities	,	not	to	mention	the	good	night	s	sleep	i	paid	for	but	did	nt	get	.
i	was	told	management	would	call	me	back	but	still	waiting	for	that	call	.
i	will	probably	stay	here	again	because	it	s	cheap	and	i	ca	nt	afford	a	better	hotel	,	but	do	not	look	forward	to	it	and	would	definitely	not	recommend	this	hotel	for	families	or	single	female	travellers	.
was	there	this	past	weekend	and	the	guy	behind	the	counter	yelled	at	me	and	my	son	because	we	believed	he	left	the	grandma	slice	in	the	oven	a	little	too	long	and	the	cheese	got	all	dried	out	and	the	slice	tasted	more	like	a	cracker	.
he	preceded	to	grab	the	slice	off	the	countertop	and	throw	it	into	the	trash	while	yelling	at	me	saying	,	"	you	do	not	order	what	you	do	not	know	about	"	and	"	you	do	n't	know	how	pizza	is	made	"	.
it	was	very	upsetting	to	see	this	kind	of	behavior	especially	in	front	of	my	four	year	old	.
he	was	in	the	process	of	making	me	a	pie	and	when	i	got	home	,	the	pie	was	the	worst	i	have	ever	seen	.
cheese	was	falling	off	,	so	oily	and	greasy	.
i	think	he	did	it	on	purpose	because	of	my	simple	request	for	another	slice	of	grandma	that	was	n't	so	well	-	done	-lrb-	actually	,	burnt	-rrb-	.
i	will	never	go	back	to	this	place	and	i	am	reporting	them	to	the	better	business	bureau	for	such	horrible	customer	relations	and	basically	sabotaging	my	pizza	and	taking	my	$	25	.
this	story	is	100	%	true	.
that	little	man	who	thinks	he	invented	pizza	can	kiss	my	*ss	.
long	lines	,	silly	rules	,	rude	staff	,	ok	food
the	first	thing	you	notice	when	you	arrive	on	location	is	that	the	waiting	line	literally	goes	out	the	door	and	spills	into	the	parking	lot	.
a	restaurant	with	this	many	patrons	willing	to	stand	in	line	just	to	order	tacos	must	be	good	,	right	?
i	mean	,	that	's	the	way	it	works	at	amusement	parks	:	the	longest	lines	are	at	the	best	rides	.
well	,	this	may	be	an	exception	.
the	staff	taking	your	order	and	"	waiting	"	on	you	are	very	indifferent	and	have	no	sense	of	costumer	service	at	all	.
i	have	gotten	better	results	talking	to	comcast	customer	service	than	with	these	folks	.
and	do	n't	even	think	about	asking	to	speak	to	the	manager	because	this	guy	is	,	and	pardon	my	french	,	a	jerk	.
if	you	have	gotten	through	ordering	,	dealing	with	the	rude	staff	and	if	you	followed	the	dumb	rules	,	you	are	finally	presented	with	what	you	came	for	..	some	tacos	that	are	"	ok	,	"	but	definitely	not	worth	putting	up	with	all	the	hassle	.
save	yourself	the	trouble	and	skip	this	place	all	together	.
i	suggest	you	go	up	to	raging	taco	&	raging	burrito	a	couple	of	blocks	up	the	street	or	even	taco	mac	.
wish	this	was	in	saratoga	--
we	were	introduced	to	bistro	tallulah	by	traveler	-	professional	diner	who	happens	to	own	the	adelphi	hotel	and	travels	the	world	--	and	residing	in	paris	,	london	,	new	york	the	rest	of	the	year	.
she	knows	great	food	and	dining	experiences	.
she	was	dead	on	--	this	restaurant	was	wonderful	---	do	not	be	put	off	by	the	one	negative	review	on	this	page	.
i	can	tell	you	we	were	pleasantly	surprised	--	bt	has	taste	memory	and	each	time	back	the	food	was	consistently	delicious	--	same	dishes	--	were	consistent	.
our	friend	is	a	world	traveler	and	loves	unpretentious	dining	experiences	and	inspired	food	.
this	chef	knows	what	he	is	doing	.
treat	yourself	and	go	--	you	will	go	back	!
i	am	a	business	owner	in	downtown	saratoga	springs	and	wish	this	restaurant	was	in	our	town	!
the	affordable	rent	makes	it	possible	for	an	inspired	chef	to	serve	his	high	quality	fare	at	affordable	prices	!
unlike	saratoga	.
i	rrly	seek	the	cehf	out	to	introduce	myself	--	but	the	second	time	we	went	--	i	made	a	point	of	asking	our	wait	person	to	introduce	my	friend	and	myself	to	the	chef	to	tell	him	just	how	good	our	meals	were	.
can	not	wait	to	go	gain	.
-	r.	morris	.
i	think	that	the	re	pretty	good	.
first	of	all	,	if	you	call	for	an	appointment	they	wo	n't	tell	you	to	call	back	a	month	later	so	you	can	then	make	one	.
they	also	do	n't	tell	you	that	they	're	going	to	mail	you	an	"	application	"	to	be	admitted	to	be	a	patient	.
i	feel	that	the	way	some	doctor	s	offices	work	around	here	is	a	little	bit	absurd	so	i	'm	happy	that	these	guys	do	n't	do	those	two	things	in	particlular	.
usually	you	can	be	seen	the	same	week	or	maybe	the	following	week	.
the	doctor	did	tell	me	that	my	male	pattern	baldness	is	due	to	my	mother	s	father	because	the	gene	is	exclusively	passed	on	through	maternal	line	but	that	's	a	common	misconception	-lrb-	http://www.consumerreports.org/health/healthy-living/beauty-personal-care/hair-loss-10-08/hair-loss.htm	-rrb-	.
in	general	i	would	say	that	the	staff	is	attentive	and	nice	.
but	then	again	i	was	nice	to	them	so	that	could	have	been	why	.
anyhow	,	after	reading	some	of	the	other	reviews	it	seems	like	some	of	the	other	reviewers	are	expecting	mircles	.
if	you	want	miracles	you	'll	have	to	go	to	21st	st	.
it	's	a	pretty	typical	primary	care	office	but	for	the	area	it	's	very	good	.
they	do	n't	do	certain	things	that	are	really	annoying	about	other	offices	.
first	trip	to	canada
i	recently	traveled	to	canada	on	business	and	had	a	most	excellent	experience	.
i	work	for	a	large	retail	company	recently	expanding	our	operations	into	canada	and	had	to	travel	to	ensure	all	of	our	computer	network	equipment	was	installed	properly	and	on	time	.
this	can	tend	to	be	a	stressful	experience	in	itself	let	alone	adding	crossing	boarders	for	the	first	time	.
i	was	very	pleased	to	find	my	accommodations	and	the	hotel	staff	to	be	a	very	calming	and	comforting	part	of	my	trip	.
i	found	the	hotel	to	be	amazingly	clean	,	not	to	mention	very	well	adorned	with	many	pleasant	surprises	.
from	my	first	encounter	at	check	in	to	my	regrettable	check	out	i	found	the	staff	and	facility	to	exceed	my	expectation	.
i	completely	enjoyed	my	whole	check	in	experience	and	was	impressed	with	the	friendliness	and	professionalism	of	the	staff	as	well	as	the	accommodations	themselves	.
i	will	be	traveling	in	this	area	in	the	future	and	you	can	be	assured	that	this	experience	will	be	helpful	in	my	choice	of	hotels	and	novotel	will	be	my	first	selection	.
yes	the	parking	can	be	a	challenge	but	being	from	nj	i	am	no	stranger	to	tight	corners	.
please	pass	my	appreciation	to	the	staff	and	management	for	their	excellent	hospitality	and	good	spirits	as	it	helped	make	a	stressful	trip	enjoyable	.
favorite	place	in	tampa	.
update	:	i	had	to	add	to	my	review	.
i	was	just	in	last	night	and	had	a	chance	to	dine	in	their	new	dining	room	.
amazing	!
i	frequent	this	resturant	on	a	weekly	basis	but	usally	only	for	lunch	.
well	i	was	in	for	a	treat	when	i	was	greeted	by	the	friendly	girls	at	the	counter	who	asked	if	my	wife	and	i	would	like	to	sit	in	their	"	new	"	dining	room	.
right	away	they	told	us	that	it	was	the	same	great	food	with	the	same	prices	so	off	we	went	.
we	were	greeted	again	and	sat	promptly	.
after	looking	at	the	menu	and	seeing	the	new	menu	items	they	had	,	we	knew	we	were	in	for	a	treat	!
i	had	the	chicken	parmesan	dinner	and	my	wife	had	the	shrimp	scampi	dinner	.
amazing	!
the	portions	were	generous	enough	that	we	even	took	some	home	!
i	have	to	say	the	value	of	this	place	always	amazes	me	.
it	's	nice	to	see	that	even	in	the	economy	we	can	eat	a	place	that	has	upscale	service	,	amazing	atmosphere	,	and	incredible	food	,	but	not	break	the	bank	while	enjoying	it	!
bottom	line	is	that	when	it	's	a	small	privatly	owned	resturant	like	this	is	you	can	tell	that	the	owners	and	employees	take	pride	in	their	product	and	service	.
well	done	!
great	work	and	honest	establishment	!
i	typically	have	work	done	on	my	jeep	at	the	dealership	,	but	it	is	6	years	old	now	and	getting	charged	dealership	prices	just	did	n't	seem	cost	effective	anymore	.
i	had	tried	out	few	place	around	the	area	and	had	been	ripped	off	a	few	times	.
i	had	hear	great	things	about	phet	and	g&g	automotive	so	i	decided	to	give	him	a	try	.
the	service	was	excellent	and	personable	.
he	checked	out	what	i	needed	to	have	done	told	me	what	needed	be	fixed	before	he	did	any	work	and	did	great	repair	work	.
the	price	was	actually	lower	than	what	i	had	anticipated	and	used	to	compared	to	other	places	,	plus	he	showed	me	the	work	he	did	when	i	came	in	to	pick	up	the	car	.
also	,	a	week	after	the	work	,	phet	called	me	up	to	see	how	my	car	was	running	and	to	let	me	know	that	they	had	accidentally	overcharged	me	for	part	of	the	work	and	wanted	to	give	me	a	refund	for	that	amount	.
that	is	just	unheard	of	these	days	!
i	grew	up	in	a	small	town	where	you	knew	and	trusted	your	mechanic	and	was	really	cynical	about	city	auto	repair	shops	since	i	moved	here	,	but	phet	has	shown	that	there	really	are	honest	hard	working	mechanics	around	.
he	is	my	mechanic	going	forward	!
our	company	is	a	high	end	designer	handbag	and	fashion	accessories	company	,	thus	we	are	certainly	a	niche	market	.
we	had	been	evaluating	seo	providers	for	quite	some	time	and	finally	decided	to	take	the	plunge	with	stuart	,	and	ulistic	.
we	made	the	decision	for	a	couple	of	reasons	.
1	.	social	media	.
we	were	familiar	with	search	engine	optimization	strategies	,	but	new	nothing	about	social	media	-	we	just	heard	that	it	was	the	next	big	thing	.
2	.	we	really	liked	the	fact	that	stuart	sets	defined	objectives	and	we	meet	once	a	month	to	go	over	our	key	performance	indicators	.
how	has	it	gone	so	far	?
well	we	have	been	working	with	ulistic	for	1.5	months	,	and	have	100	people	following	our	site	on	facebook	,	and	our	web	site	,	www.designofashion.com	has	seen	a	3	fold	increase	in	traffic	,	which	is	significantly	beating	our	expectations	-	seo	is	a	process	that	takes	time	and	to	get	results	this	quickly	is	exceptional	.
we	are	absolutely	confident	that	stuart	's	ethical	and	focused	strategies	will	see	these	trends	continue	to	grow	,	and	our	business	will	reap	the	rewards	of	this	program	.
finally	,	it	must	be	said	that	stuart	is	a	fantastic	person	to	work	with	,	because	of	his	solid	strategies	and	equally	as	importantly	because	he	is	a	genuinely	good	person	and	a	great	communicator	.
excellent	service	and	quality
i	had	hom	-	excel	replace	most	of	the	windows	in	my	tampa	residence	three	years	ago	.
the	excellent	windows	have	performed	without	any	problems	,	but	that	's	not	why	i	'm	writing	my	review	.
three	weeks	ago	,	burglars	tried	to	gain	entry	into	the	rear	of	my	home	.
the	intruders	slit	the	screen	of	the	window	.
next	,	they	tried	to	force	the	window	with	a	pry	bar	and	then	to	break	the	window	with	a	hammer	.
the	window	did	n't	break	!
my	next	-	door	neighbor	heard	the	noise	and	turned	on	a	light	,	thankfully	scaring	the	two	miscreants	away	-lrb-	they	even	left	their	hammer	behind	!	-rrb-	.
i	called	home	-	excel	the	next	day	to	order	a	replacement	screen	for	the	window	,	and	was	happily	surprised	when	they	said	that	they	were	n't	even	going	to	charge	me	for	the	replacement	screen	...	that	it	would	be	covered	under	their	guarentee	.
lo	and	behold	,	they	replaced	the	screen	-lrb-	which	had	to	be	ordered	-rrb-	yesterday	and	did	n't	charge	me	a	dime	.
their	worker	even	cleaned	3	of	my	windows	and	changed	a	lightbulb	for	me	.
in	this	day	and	age	,	it	is	so	rare	to	find	a	company	with	such	nice	workers	and	such	far	ranging	guarantee	policies	.
i	rarely	write	reviews	such	as	this	one	,	but	they	certainly	deserve	anyone	's	business	!
friendly	staff	,	but	definitely	some	problems
may	,	2009	.
we	were	booked	at	the	sheraton	with	a	number	of	other	out	-	of	-	town	wedding	guests	.
got	put	into	the	wrong	room	the	first	night	,	and	were	quite	surprised	to	have	someone	with	the	same	room	key	trying	to	get	in	the	door	at	1:00	am	!
next	day	got	moved	into	another	room	,	on	the	same	floor	with	other	wedding	guests	.
there	were	3	adults	in	our	room	but	towels	for	only	2	,	no	linens	for	sofa	bed	.
in	the	second	room	it	took	3	tries	to	get	all	the	towels	and	linens	we	requested	.
a	package	and	some	wedding	cards	were	left	in	our	first	room	.
they	were	sent	to	our	second	room	and	had	been	opened	--	the	ribbon	-	wrapped	present	,	and	all	3	envelopes	.
security	in	the	hotel	seemed	to	be	excellent	,	but	we	were	never	given	an	explanation	as	to	why	someone	would	open	these	items	.
a	mid-afternoon	"	fire	drill	"	was	disruptive	,	putting	everyone	out	of	the	hotel	.
when	we	called	the	front	desk	about	an	extremely	boisterous	crowd	in	the	hall	outside	our	door	quite	late	at	night	,	it	seemed	to	take	the	hotel	staff	quite	a	while	to	quiet	them	down	.
the	staff	was	friendly	,	especially	the	front	desk	female	supervisor	,	and	seemed	to	want	to	help	,	but	too	many	unusual	things	happened	to	make	us	want	to	stay	there	again	.
be	careful	of	who	your	sales	guy	is
i	think	this	place	is	probably	really	great	especially	judging	by	the	reviews	on	here	.
my	experience	was	awful	though	.
it	all	had	to	do	with	the	sales	guy	which	was	a	young	22	year	old	who	had	admittedly	only	been	working	for	2	weeks	.
i	was	extremely	interested	in	the	car	and	very	likely	would	have	bought	it	,	but	the	sales	guy	i	dealt	with	ruined	the	deal	.
essentially	,	i	told	him	i	did	n't	trust	him	cause	he	was	a	car	salesman	,	but	he	got	so	incredibly	offended	at	that	statement	that	he	had	to	go	cry	to	another	salesman	and	compose	himself	before	coming	back	.
i	do	n't	know	if	the	kid	had	a	bad	day	or	what	,	but	i	had	to	sit	and	apologize	about	nothing	for	10	minutes	until	he	dropped	the	issue	.
after	that	,	i	just	tried	to	ignore	his	lack	of	professionalism	and	test	drive	the	car	.
i	played	dumb	and	asked	him	questions	that	i	already	knew	the	answers	to	and	he	responded	with	half	truths	and	a	few	falsehoods	.
for	instance	i	asked	who	owned	mazda	and	he	said	with	confidence	that	was	gm	,	which	is	n't	true	.
i	mean	,	i	do	n't	care	if	he	does	n't	know	,	but	if	he	pretends	to	know	and	tells	me	bs	to	my	face	,	there	's	no	way	i	'm	going	to	trust	him	when	matters	turn	to	the	price	of	the	car	and	financing	.
the	worst	chinese	i	've	ever	had
this	is	by	far	the	worst	chinese	food	i	have	ever	had	.
the	service	stunk	.
i	called	in	my	order	and	upon	arriving	to	pick	it	up	,	they	got	my	order	confused	with	someone	else	s	.
they	helped	about	three	other	people	before	they	offered	to	help	me	again	.
they	also	got	my	friend	s	order	mixed	up	and	wanted	to	charger	her	$	10	more	than	what	she	had	wanted	.
she	asked	for	the	dinner	combo	and	they	gave	her	two	dinner	plates	instead	.
we	were	standing	in	the	store	for	20	minutes	to	simply	pick	up	an	order	.
not	to	mention	that	the	wait	staff	was	about	as	pleasant	as	dealing	with	an	angry	bull	.
they	were	abrasive	and	rude	-	when	they	were	the	ones	who	messed	everything	up	.
we	had	to	throw	out	about	80	percent	of	our	meals	because	the	food	tasted	so	horrible	.
i	do	nt	know	how	it	is	possible	to	make	orange	chicken	,	sesame	chicken	and	kung	pao	chicken	as	well	as	cheese	puffs	taste	that	bad	but	china	delight	accomplished	that	.
the	only	thing	that	was	edible	was	the	steamed	rice	and	the	vegetable	lo	mein	was	barely	tolerable	.
i	will	never	go	here	again	.
lucky	panda	in	willis	is	a	billion	times	better	in	service	and	quality	of	the	meal	.
i	have	no	idea	how	china	delight	won	number	1	chinese	restaurant	in	montgomery	-	there	needs	to	be	a	recount	on	that	vote	.
terrible	service
one	of	the	worst	experiences	i	've	ever	had	with	a	auto	repair	shop	.
we	took	our	vehicle	in	for	a	repair	to	the	air	conditioning	.
approx	4	months	later	,	the	compressor	went	out	.
we	took	it	back	in	to	have	it	repaired	again	,	and	less	than	a	week	later	the	second	compressor	went	out	.
we	went	in	for	a	third	visit	and	they	fixed	it	again	,	but	this	time	when	we	picked	up	the	car	,	the	radio	and	clock	did	not	work	.
so	for	the	4th	time	in	5	months	and	the	third	time	in	2	weeks	,	we	brought	the	car	back	again	.
when	we	expressed	our	discontent	to	the	manager	-lrb-	that	's	right	,	the	manager	-rrb-	,	did	he	say	he	would	return	some	money	,	did	he	say	he	would	give	a	discount	on	our	next	visit	,	did	he	just	say	"	i	'm	sorry	"	.
nope	,	none	of	the	above	.
he	stood	there	and	told	us	how	he	was	n't	at	fault	.
it	was	the	fault	of	the	parts	supplier	,	and	can	we	imagine	how	he	felt	having	to	put	another	2	hours	of	work	in	the	car	.
and	what	did	we	expect	...	that	he	bench	test	every	part	.
at	no	time	during	the	conversation	did	the	words	,	"	i	'm	sorry	"	ever	come	out	of	his	mouth	.
i	,	nor	anyone	else	in	my	family	,	will	ever	go	to	sun	devil	auto	again	.
well	,	unless	of	course	the	third	compressor	he	put	in	the	car	goes	out	.
do	not	use	this	company	!
i	dropped	off	a	sheet	metal	piece	that	i	needed	copied	due	to	th	it	was	needing	to	be	replaced	.
i	asked	if	they	could	copy	the	piece	i	dropped	off	.
they	said	it	would	be	made	exactly	like	the	one	i	needed	to	replace	.
i	picked	it	up	when	it	was	finished	and	was	charge	30.00	.
when	i	got	to	the	job	and	tried	to	insert	the	new	piece	of	metal	it	would	not	fit	!!
i	took	the	original	piece	of	metal	and	rigged	it	to	make	due	since	i	had	to	complete	the	job	.
i	took	the	receipt	and	the	metal	that	did	not	fit	and	asked	pomper	for	my	money	back	.
the	girl	at	the	desk	was	sooo	rude	i	could	not	believe	it	!
she	told	me	she	could	not	use	the	piece	i	was	returning	and	the	company	would	only	put	it	in	the	trash	so	i	could	not	return	it	.
i	explained	i	did	not	get	what	i	paid	for	.
she	asked	me	to	bring	the	original	piece	back	and	i	told	her	i	had	to	use	it	on	the	job	.
she	told	me	that	was	to	bad	she	would	do	nothing	to	help	me	since	she	could	not	use	or	resell	the	piece	.
i	said	i	was	going	to	trash	it	also	and	could	i	at	least	have	a	credit	.
with	a	smirk	on	her	face	she	told	me	no	money	is	being	returned	and	that	is	the	way	it	was	.
do	not	use	this	company	.
there	are	to	many	people	that	need	our	business	to	have	to	put	up	with	this	unfair	treatment	!!!!!
i	would	never	recommend	this	gym	to	anyone	and	unfortunately	this	is	based	solely	on	the	owner	's	own	unprofessionalism	.
when	i	originally	joined	in	january	i	only	did	so	because	i	was	told	i	would	be	able	to	cancel	the	12	month	membership	if	i	was	to	move	away	.
i	signed	up	with	one	of	the	staff	who	was	very	pleasant	and	professional	.
actually	working	out	there	was	good	-	the	machines	are	nice	and	the	classes	are	fun	.
the	locker	room	is	certainly	lacking	-	i	would	never	shower	or	change	there	.
they	need	to	update	the	locker	rooms	asap	.
back	to	my	poor	rating	-	i	was	excepted	to	medical	school	and	went	in	to	cancel	my	membership	as	i	was	told	i	could	do	since	i	was	moving	away	.
the	owner	was	very	rude	,	accused	me	of	not	reading	my	contract	,	and	basically	told	me	to	shut	up	when	i	was	trying	to	ask	questions	to	further	understand	the	process	of	canceling	my	membership	.
i	was	able	to	cancel	it	but	only	after	paying	a	$	50	fee	-lrb-	which	the	staff	person	who	signed	me	up	stated	i	would	not	have	to	pay	if	i	had	proof	of	moving	-rrb-	and	being	spoken	to	in	a	very	belittling	manner	.
i	would	understand	if	i	was	being	treated	this	way	by	a	staff	member	but	the	club	's	actual	owner	?!
bad	for	business	.
i	was	appalled	.
i	will	never	recommend	this	gym	to	any	woman	.
the	equipment	and	classes	are	n't	good	enough	to	deal	with	the	rudeness	from	the	staff	!!!
there	are	better	places	on	the	cape	-	fitness	500	!
the	salon	experience	from	hell
i	feel	obligated	to	share	this	story	.
right	out	of	college	i	called	the	salon	and	explained	my	situation	.
just	graduated	,	just	moved	,	not	rich	,	and	starting	new	job	soon	.
i	never	got	a	price	quote	over	the	phone	and	they	take	your	cc	info	just	to	make	the	appointment	because	if	you	do	n't	show	up	,	they	'll	charge	you	.
i	had	this	ridiculous	celebrity	stylist	from	la	named	derrick	.
after	he	already	put	product	on	my	hair	he	said	"	i	should	warn	you	,	i	'm	expensive	.	"
what	was	i	supposed	to	do	,	say	i	ca	n't	afford	you	and	walk	out	with	crap	all	over	my	hair	.
i	wanted	to	be	very	blonde	and	instead	he	pulled	my	root	color	throughout	my	whole	hair	which	is	a	gross	mousey	brown	.
the	other	stylists	around	me	kept	pressuring	me	saying	he	's	so	wonderful	,	you	're	going	to	love	your	hair	.
$	400	later	my	jaw	dropped	when	the	receptionist	told	me	the	total	.
derrick	did	a	terrible	job	,	was	a	complete	jerk	the	entire	time	,	and	i	had	no	warning	as	to	the	price	.
i	cried	the	entire	way	home	.
he	then	"	fixed	"	it	for	free	but	it	still	looked	like	crap	.
i	will	never	go	back	.
it	was	the	salon	experience	from	absolutely	hell	.
he	also	told	me	that	he	worked	on	the	cast	of	will	and	grace	and	that	they	were	all	jerks	.
that	's	my	favorite	show	of	all	time	.
i	'm	pretty	sure	for	the	cast	that	it	was	the	other	way	around	.
maybe	he	did	n't	do	a	good	job	and	they	told	him	so	.
absolute	nightmare	!
stay	away	!
very	unhappy	...
working	with	rod	jacobsen	was	my	first	experience	working	with	a	cpa	,	so	i	did	not	know	what	to	expect	.
that	said	-	he	seemed	to	be	doing	well	enough	.
however	,	then	i	asked	to	amend	my	return	to	apply	a	credit	i	had	just	become	eligible	for	.
i	expected	to	pay	for	this	service	,	but	imagine	my	surprise	when	i	received	a	bill	for	more	than	what	i	paid	to	have	the	original	return	prepared	.
asked	why	,	rod	simply	told	me	that	he	had	to	research	how	to	do	the	amendment	-lrb-	it	was	an	amended	to	show	that	i	had	purchased	a	home	-	nothing	out	of	the	ordinary	,	one	would	think	-rrb-	and	that	took	time	to	figure	out	.
well	,	that	was	strike	one	.
i	was	n't	going	to	use	them	again	,	but	i	was	going	to	leave	it	at	that	.
however	,	now	that	i	have	come	to	realize	that	i	am	going	to	owe	the	irs	$	6,000	+	despite	doing	exactly	what	rod	told	me	to	do	,	i	feel	i	have	to	voice	my	opinion	.
last	year	,	after	all	was	said	and	done	,	i	asked	rod	whether	my	payment	structure	would	leave	me	with	no	/	little	tax	liability	at	the	end	of	the	year	.
he	said	yes	.
well	,	again	,	i	am	now	faced	with	a	tax	bill	of	$	6,000	+	,	all	due	on	april	15	,	2010	and	all	that	rod	has	to	say	to	the	matter	is	'	well	,	you	wo	n't	have	to	pay	a	penalty	.	'
i	may	not	have	to	pay	a	penalty	,	yet	,	but	this	is	not	what	i	had	in	mind	when	hired	these	guys	.
in	the	words	of	my	new	accountant	,	they	let	me	down	!
bit	sketchy	,	sporadic	delivery	times
i	bought	about	half	of	the	furniture	i	own	from	this	place	.
why	?
because	they	cut	me	good	deals	if	i	paid	in	cash	.
sketchy	,	right	?
well	they	came	through	and	delivered	almost	all	of	my	items	within	a	few	days	.
-lrb-	they	even	got	me	a	couch	pretty	quickly	.	-rrb-
the	guy	who	was	cutting	me	the	deals	and	getting	me	the	furniture	quickly	,	ahmed	,	was	nice	and	mostly	professional	,	except	the	semi-sketchiness	.
then	one	day	,	ahmed	left	the	country	,	not	to	return	for	months	,	without	informing	me	.
he	also	neglected	to	tell	the	other	person	working	at	the	store	about	a	dining	room	table	that	i	had	ordered	and	that	was	supposed	to	be	coming	in	.
the	other	person	working	at	the	store	did	n't	know	that	i	still	had	this	table	coming	.
i	had	paid	in	cash	,	and	he	said	he	had	no	receipt	/	record	of	my	purchase	.
i	came	back	with	the	receipt	ahmed	had	provided	upon	my	purchase	,	and	the	guy	took	forever	to	copy	it	but	said	that	he	would	take	care	of	the	situation	.
i	waited	.
and	waited	.
he	never	once	contacted	us	.
i	've	had	to	pester	this	new	guy	several	times	to	ask	when	my	table	will	arrive	.
he	kept	saying	different	arrival	/	delivery	dates	and	did	n't	seem	terribly	apologetic	.
it	has	been	3	weeks	and	i	still	do	n't	have	my	table	-lrb-	which	was	not	cheap	,	i	might	add	-rrb-	.
point	is	:	you	might	be	able	to	get	a	good	deal	on	some	nice	furniture	--	which	i	did	--	but	they	're	not	very	communicative	and	god	forbid	something	goes	wrong	,	you	'll	have	to	fight	to	get	it	resolved	.
poor	service
run	do	n't	walk	.
my	experience	with	home	delivery	service	has	been	one	of	disappointment	and	anger	.
if	i	could	give	them	a	lower	rating	than	poor	i	would	.
on	august	21st	,	2009	i	ordered	furniture	from	hickory	furniture	mart	and	contracted	for	hds	to	deliver	it	.
after	seventeen	days	the	delivery	van	showed	up	at	my	home	minus	two	pieces	.
i	was	later	told	they	had	been	left	at	the	warehouse	and	some	future	date	they	would	be	delivered	.
no	one	will	give	me	a	date	.
i	spent	$	2300	on	the	bedroom	suite	,	which	was	complete	and	excellent	condition	on	the	showroom	floor	.
upon	delivery	it	was	clear	the	entire	set	was	damaged	:	a	piece	of	wood	was	broke	on	the	headboard	;	the	chest	of	drawers	was	missing	all	four	pieces	necessary	to	attach	the	legs	;	the	dresser	back	legs	were	pushed	in	causing	the	dresser	to	lean	into	the	wall	;	and	a	nighstand	was	missing	a	drawer	.
how	do	you	lose	a	drawer	.
after	complaining	on	september	10th	to	national	home	furnishings	,	boyles	,	the	hickory	furniture	mart	and	home	delivery	service	the	latter	finally	called	me	back	and	said	they	would	be	up	to	pick	the	dresser	and	chest	of	drawers	at	some	future	point	and	at	some	later	point	it	would	be	professional	repaired	and	at	some	later	point	it	would	be	returned	.
the	customer	service	at	home	delivery	service	was	terrible	let	alone	their	promise	to	proper	set	up	furniture	.
so	i	am	in	limbo	regarding	a	bedroom	suite	.
i	hope	the	owners	and	employees	of	this	store	have	broken	bedroom	suites	in	their	homes	and	furniture	sitting	in	someone	's	warehouse	.
maybe	then	they	will	begin	to	understand	poor	customer	service	and	terrible	sit	up	service	.
excellent	driving	school
i	was	involved	in	a	car	accident	20	years	ago	and	since	then	i	've	been	a	nervous	wreck	and	have	n't	been	behind	the	wheel	.
unfortunately	,	a	family	emergency	required	me	to	conquer	this	fear	.
a	very	good	friend	of	mine	highly	recommended	the	professional	driving	school	and	i	was	told	to	specifically	ask	for	gerry	.
she	highly	recommended	him	and	described	him	as	the	"	saintly	instructor	and	simply	the	best	instructor	there	is	....	very	calm	,	pleasant	and	very	detailed	in	giving	instructions	"	.
i	called	the	school	most	probably	10	times	before	i	finally	enrolled	in	a	20	hour	package	.
i	had	to	cancel	my	initial	lesson	4	times	and	on	the	5th	attempt	the	management	was	quick	enough	to	associate	my	cancellations	with	my	fear	and	finally	encouraged	me	into	taking	my	initial	lesson	.
five	minutes	before	my	initial	lesson	,	i	got	a	call	from	gerry	advising	me	of	his	arrival	and	to	come	down	as	soon	as	i	was	ready	.
my	heart	pounded	as	i	walked	down	and	pounded	even	faster	upon	seeing	gerry	in	an	suv	-	lexus	!
i	thought	of	canceling	the	lesson	once	again	because	i	did	n't	feel	comfortable	driving	an	suv	.
gerry	pleasantly	said	"	since	i	am	already	here	why	do	n't	we	give	it	shot	.
i	trust	you	and	believe	that	you	'll	be	able	to	handle	this	and	all	you	have	to	do	is	to	reciprocate	!
trust	me	and	most	especially	trust	and	believe	in	yourself	.
do	n't	worry	,	i	'll	take	care	of	you	!	"
.......	the	rest	was	history	!
here	i	am	now	driving	confidently	on	my	own	.
gerry	,	i	ca	n't	thank	you	enough	for	helping	me	cope	with	my	fear	.
to	my	friend	,	thank	you	for	your	recommendation	...	you	were	true	to	your	words	in	saying	gerry	is	a	"	saintly	instructor	...	absolutely	simple	the	best	instructor	and	best	driving	school	there	is	!
review	on	house	of	joy	chinese	restaurant
my	family	and	i	moved	to	san	antonio	a	year	ago	and	have	tried	almost	all	of	the	chinese	restaurants	because	we	love	chinese	food	.
well	it	took	us	a	while	to	find	one	that	we	liked	.
but	we	do	n't	just	like	house	of	joy	we	love	it	.
everything	we	have	gotten	there	has	been	more	authentic	and	better	tasting	than	any	other	chinese	restaurant	in	the	san	antonio	area	we	have	been	to	--	and	trust	me	we	have	been	to	a	lot	of	them	.
we	just	happen	to	stumble	across	this	little	restaurant	one	day	when	we	had	to	visit	the	bexar	county	tax	office	off	of	bandera	road	.
we	stopped	in	and	got	some	take	out	and	can	not	stop	going	back	.
they	have	the	best	egg	drop	soup	i	have	ever	tasted	.
we	also	love	their	egg	rolls	and	spring	rolls	.
and	every	entree	we	have	ordered	is	perfect	.
everything	is	always	cooked	fresh	and	tastes	fresh	.
their	prices	are	extremely	reasonable	for	the	amount	of	food	you	receive	.
the	staff	is	also	just	so	pleasant	to	deal	with	.
they	are	also	quick	at	getting	your	order	out	to	you	.
you	do	n't	have	to	sit	and	wait	around	forever	like	most	places	!!
so	anyone	looking	for	an	excellent	night	out	for	chinese	or	maybe	just	lunch	should	stop	in	and	try	it	because	i	promise	you	2	things	---	you	wo	n't	regret	it	!!
and	you	will	go	back	for	more	!!!
karla	ferguson	-	granger
ps	i	have	noticed	on	here	that	someone	left	a	comment	that	"	all	of	the	nice	comments	must	come	from	co	workers	or	friends	"	and	i	will	tell	you	that	i	do	n't	know	these	people	except	from	eating	at	their	restaurant	.
we	are	from	virginia	and	just	moved	here	a	year	ago	.
so	that	comment	is	completely	false	.
because	we	think	it	's	the	best	!!!
and	we	do	n't	know	them	except	for	eating	there	.
dr.	strzalka	at	flagship	cvts	is	not	a	good	doctor
i	am	not	sure	about	the	quality	of	the	other	doctors	there	,	but	i	do	know	from	personal	experience	that	dr.	christopher	t.	strzalka	is	not	a	man	of	his	word	,	and	is	also	very	cruel	and	uncaring	!!
he	was	going	to	operate	and	replace	my	bicuspid	aortic	valve	due	to	critical	aortic	stenosis	.
i	had	a	surgery	date	of	july	17	,	2008	.
then	he	renigged	when	he	read	my	health	care	proxy	,	even	though	i	agreed	to	be	on	the	ventilator	for	2	months	following	surgery	-lrb-	as	he	had	twice	stated	i	must	agree	to	-rrb-	.
he	later	said	that	by	2	months	he	"	meant	at	least	two	months	"	.
two	months	and	at	least	two	months	are	totally	different	things	.
he	did	not	even	give	me	the	chance	to	say	i	would	stay	on	the	ventilator	longer	,	which	i	would	have	.
a	health	care	proxy	is	not	written	in	stone	and	can	be	changed	.
he	also	never	even	said	he	was	sorry	.
just	said	i	was	inoperable	and	walked	out	of	the	hospital	room	.
so	,	therefore	,	now	he	says	i	am	inoperable	-lrb-	even	though	i	am	not	100	%	inoperable	-rrb-	,	and	he	is	letting	me	die	.
i	am	just	middle	aged	and	do	not	want	to	die	,	but	thanks	to	this	doctor	i	have	no	other	alternatives	.
i	,	along	with	my	friends	,	consider	this	doctor	to	be	the	cause	of	my	death	as	he	is	not	even	trying	to	save	my	life	by	operating	.
even	my	pa	i	went	to	the	other	day	said	"	it	must	by	comforting	to	have	gone	to	a	heart	surgeon	like	him	who	will	do	nothing	for	you	"	.
he	said	it	sarcastically	.
if	you	want	a	doctor	who	will	lie	to	you	and	say	he	will	operate	and	then	change	his	mind	,	and	not	know	what	he	is	talking	about	when	he	recommends	procedures	at	other	hospitals	and	says	they	are	what	you	need	,	when	they	will	not	work	for	you	,	go	to	this	doctor	...	he	is	the	one	for	you	.
what	you	can	learn	from	the	below	'	bad	experience	'	.
i	would	suggest	not	avoiding	second	home	based	on	the	'	bad	experience	'	review	.
i	'd	probably	be	more	inclined	to	board	my	two	dogs	here	,	seeing	that	they	do	n't	just	take	every	dog	coming	in	.
i	've	toured	this	place	and	was	impressed	by	how	clean	the	place	was	,	and	all	the	options	for	the	dogs	.
it	's	unfortunate	that	bmil	believed	that	his	'	perfect	'	dog	was	not	given	the	right	opportunity	to	prove	himself	.
but	i	've	done	hundreds	of	dog	introductions	myself	-lrb-	another	place	,	i	do	n't	work	here	-rrb-	,	and	owners	can	have	unrealistic	expectations	and	views	of	what	they	see	when	their	dogs	meet	other	dogs	.
workers	who	do	these	introductions	look	at	the	interaction	objectively	;	and	it	's	good	to	see	they	are	able	and	willing	to	say	no	if	they	feel	there	would	be	a	problem	.
it	sounds	-lrb-	according	to	your	own	statement	-rrb-	that	they	had	a	roomful	of	dogs	,	so	they	must	be	doing	something	right	-	and	are	keeping	those	dogs	safe	from	potential	problems	.
you	say	you	work	a	lot	,	and	that	you	have	a	young	dog	;	so	i	have	little	doubt	that	your	dog	is	just	filled	with	energy	to	burn	;	and	it	is	good	of	you	to	look	for	a	place	to	take	him	.
but	not	at	a	risk	to	other	people	's	pets	.
you	were	clearly	given	another	alternative	by	second	home	,	to	board	him	-	which	might	have	given	your	dog	a	chance	to	come	and	go	from	second	home	a	couple	times	,	getting	used	to	the	place	and	maybe	facilitating	another	attempt	to	get	into	daycare	later	.
no	business	is	going	to	push	customers	away	without	good	reason	;	so	is	n't	it	reasonable	to	think	they	might	know	what	they	're	doing	?
my	dogs	are	far	from	perfect	,	and	one	of	them	i	believe	would	be	a	little	much	for	daycare	here	herself	-lrb-	at	least	initially	-rrb-	.
be	a	little	more	reasonable	with	your	expectations	of	a	place	like	this	;	and	maybe	do	n't	jump	to	personal	attacks	suggesting	that	they	do	n't	want	to	work	hard	,	just	because	you	bruised	your	own	ego	.
dumbest	f'ers	ever
i	called	dominos	tonight	,	it	rang	forever	,	i	get	put	on	hold	twice	without	saying	a	word	and	finally	someone	says	,	may	i	help	you	?
so	i	say	:	i	'm	at	the	radison	warwick	hotel	in	rittenhouse	square	-lrb-	built	in	1926	-rrb-	do	you	deliver	to	the	warwick	?
they	say	no	,	warwick	in	new	jersey	,	call	new	jersey	.
i	laugh	and	say	,	no	,	that	warwick	is	in	new	york	,	but	i	'm	at	the	radison	-	warwick	.
and	he	says	:	you	're	at	warwick	in	pennsylvania	?
and	i	said	,	yes	,	center	city	philly	,	and	he	says	,	no	,	warwick	is	a	township	,	if	you	're	at	a	radison	in	warwick	that	s	too	far	,	try	dominos	in	pottstown	.
i	say	,	no	,	i	am	at	the	radison	warwick	hotel	in	rittenhouse	square	.
he	says	:	i	not	know	that	town	,	i	have	to	get	to	work	,	i	'm	in	philly	.
call	dominos	in	your	town	.
i	say	listen	:	i	'm	at	17th	and	locust	,	do	you	deliver	there	?
he	says	,	i	have	to	have	an	exact	address	.
ok	,	1701	locust	street	i	say	.
he	says	:	why	you	tell	me	you	r	in	warwick	township	?
he	gives	the	phone	to	a	girl	,	she	says	,	i	have	to	have	your	address	,	i	say	,	do	you	deliver	to	17th	and	locust	,	she	says	,	your	exact	address	,	i	say	1	-	7	-	0	-	1	locust	,	are	you	sure	?	she	asks	?
yes	i	am	sure	,	well	,	she	says	,	is	that	on	17th	street	.
yes	,	i	say	.
17th	,	like	over	by	16th	and	15th	yes	,	i	say	,	one	mile	west	of	you	.
you	're	at	7th	.
i	am	just	south	of	walnut	.
she	says	,	is	that	17th	like	over	past	broad	.
yes	,	i	am	west	of	broad	.
broad	,	i	say	,	is	14th	street	and	i	am	3	blocks	west	of	broad	and	one	south	of	walnut	.
hmmm	,	she	says	,	then	why	are	you	calling	here	,	we	do	n't	go	past	broad	?
anyway	,	after	much	yelling	and	cussing	i	hung	up	,	grabbed	a	cab	,	and	went	to	geno	's	.
quick	to	take	money	but	not	quick	to	fix	a	problem	!
b&b	came	out	very	quickly	to	give	us	our	quote	back	in	june	.
they	were	very	polite	,	eager	to	answer	any	questions	and	willing	to	wait	for	us	to	return	from	vacation	to	begin	installing	our	fence	.
our	fence	was	installed	quickly	in	august	and	they	had	their	money	and	left	saying	"	workmanship	is	guaranteed	for	a	year	!	"	.
within	a	week	we	noticed	one	of	the	boards	on	our	gate	splitting	where	a	nail	had	gone	in	.
we	called	our	representative	who	assured	me	he	would	call	the	office	and	have	it	taken	care	of	.
we	heard	nothing	.
we	then	called	the	office	and	the	man	we	spoke	to	said	he	'd	send	someone	out	to	look	at	it	but	could	n't	promise	when	-	two	weeks	came	and	went	and	we	heard	nothing	.
i	just	called	again	and	was	told	that	workmanship	,	not	wood	,	is	guaranteed	for	a	year	-	well	in	my	opinion	-	the	wood	split	due	to	a	nail	which	is	part	of	workmanship	!
she	even	went	so	far	as	to	say	"	you	r	calling	about	one	board	?	"
well	-	when	you	pay	over	$	1000	for	something	you	want	it	to	hold	up	and	look	good	!!!
yes	!
i	was	calling	about	one	board	!!
i	'm	very	frustrated	at	this	point	-	it	would	take	all	of	10	min	for	them	to	come	by	and	replace	the	one	board	that	is	cracked	-lrb-	the	crack	is	deep	enough	to	stick	a	penny	in	it	and	it	goes	clear	through	-rrb-	yet	they	do	not	want	to	take	the	time	to	bother	with	what	once	was	a	happy	customer	and	has	now	become	a	dissatisfied	customer	.
so	i	figure	if	they	do	n't	want	to	take	the	time	to	fix	the	fence	that	they	installed	then	i	'll	take	the	time	to	let	everyone	i	can	know	about	how	they	treat	customers	once	they	have	your	money	!!!
stay	away	!!!
you	get	what	you	pay	for	!!!
they	came	in	under	a	lot	of	other	quotes	and	now	i	know	why	!!!
when	the	fence	was	first	installed	i	would	have	given	them	five	stars	,	now	for	their	poor	customer	follow	-	up	and	unwillingness	to	fix	the	fence	they	have	dropped	to	a	one	-	star	in	my	opinion	!
lots	of	rules	,	phantom	innkeeper	,	last	minute	price	was	worth	it	.
i	called	the	"	207	"	number	and	listened	to	the	same	recording	loop	3	times	before	i	gave	up	.
i	then	called	the	800	number	-lrb-	which	was	answered	-rrb-	and	inquired	about	last	minute	rates	.
they	had	a	room	with	a	$	99	rate	,	which	i	booked	.
the	room	was	supposed	to	be	on	the	2nd	floor	,	but	they	put	us	on	the	3rd	.
the	email	confirmation	-lrb-	which	i	read	in	the	car	-rrb-	warned	about	large	suitcases	,	declaring	that	we	are	innkeepers	,	not	longshoreman	.
in	other	words	,	they	do	not	help	with	suitcases	,	but	they	promise	totes	to	help	.
however	upon	our	arrival	no	one	there	-lrb-	the	inn	was	open	-rrb-	.
so	no	totes	.
finally	a	chambermaid	stuck	her	head	around	the	corner	from	the	top	of	the	stairs	and	told	us	sternly	that	we	could	not	be	accommodated	until	3	m	,	no	exceptions	.
then	she	was	gone	.
we	returned	after	3	pm	,	found	no	one	there	,	and	a	note	from	the	innkeeper	with	directions	to	our	room	.
rules	in	the	room	:	#	1	-rrb-	if	you	drink	the	soda	from	the	fridge	in	your	room	you	must	prove	it	by	leaving	the	can	in	the	trash	.
if	they	think	you	've	taken	a	soda	from	your	room	home	with	you	,	they	will	charge	you	$	1.50	per	can	.
they	count	the	cans	in	the	trash	to	make	sure	.
#	2	-rrb-	if	you	take	the	shampoo	products	home	,	they	will	charge	you	$	8	per	item	.
#	-rrb-	if	you	want	a	late	checkout	,	-lrb-	after	11	am	-rrb-	they	charge	you	$	15	for	the	first	hour	,	$	25	for	the	second	hour	,	and	after	2	pm	it	's	a	full	day	charge	.
#	4	-rrb-	breakfast	is	8	am	to	10	am	.
no	earlier	and	no	later	.
if	you	go	later	,	it	's	all	cleaned	up	.
-lrb-	by	whom	,	i	do	n't	know	.
i	never	saw	anyone	there	.
all	these	rules	are	posted	in	the	rooms	.	-rrb-
snacks	:	uninspired	bread	,	tea	backs	,	and	individual	coffee	things	for	a	machine	that	did	n't	exist	.
i	put	the	coffee	thing	in	hot	water	and	settled	for	a	cup	of	weak	coffee	.
no	wine	glasses	.
room	was	clean	,	but	had	a	weird	,	dated	,	sink	/	stove	combo	that	did	n't	work	.
bath	was	clean	except	shower	stall	which	had	mildew	problems	.
no	tub	.
the	inn	touts	a	shower	with	dual	shower	heads	,	but	only	one	worked	.
do	n't	get	the	rooms	off	the	two	kitchens	.
they	are	right	off	the	kitchen	so	you	hear	everything	.
free	parking	.
i	'd	go	back	if	i	could	get	the	last	minute	rate	again	of	$	99	,	but	i	would	n't	pay	their	rack	rate	.
quit	with	the	overstatements	!
the	worst	thing	that	can	happen	for	any	restaurant	like	zahav	is	to	have	too	many	people	write	hyperbolic	reviews	making	claims	that	"	everyone	"	is	going	to	"	love	"	the	food	,	decor	and	service	.
the	truth	is	,	in	my	and	my	dining	partners	'	experience	,	this	is	a	fine	little	restaurant	with	some	unique	food	.
it	's	an	entirely	up	and	down	experience	,	however	.
now	,	the	best	of	that	unique	food	comes	at	the	very	beginning	of	the	meal	.
the	salatim	salads	are	the	smallest	plates	i	've	ever	seen	placed	in	front	of	me	-lrb-	you	would	most	likely	think	they	were	condiments	if	it	were	n't	explained	to	you	-rrb-	.
though	they	are	mostly	excellent	,	you	generally	do	n't	get	enough	forkfuls	to	know	if	you	really	love	them	.
that	being	said	,	the	laffa	and	hummus	are	out	of	this	world	.
then	again	,	for	the	three	of	us	who	dined	together	,	two	pieces	of	flatbread	left	us	fighting	for	more	,	and	licking	the	hummus	from	our	fingers	-lrb-	and	yes	,	those	two	pieces	of	flatbread	did	represent	a	three	-	person	order	-rrb-	.
dinner	was	also	an	up	-	and	-	down	experience	.
the	vegetarian	dishes	and	lighter	fare	were	almost	always	spot	-	on	,	while	the	lamb	was	often	dry	and	/	or	overcooked	.
the	duck	was	a	65	%	glob	of	chewy	fat	with	no	resemblance	to	the	juicy	,	crispy	delicacy	it	usually	represents	at	other	establishments	.
dessert	was	...	hmmm	,	that	's	interesting	,	i	do	n't	even	remember	dessert	.
i	guess	that	tells	you	a	lot	.
oh	,	yes	,	the	chocolate	semifreddo	was	quite	good	.
the	warm	chocolate	cake	was	very	tasty	,	but	served	at	room	temperature	,	not	warm	by	any	stretch	of	the	imagination	.
and	my	--	no	,	i	still	do	n't	remember	what	i	had	.
service	was	average	,	but	nothing	special	,	and	restaurants	that	are	supposed	to	be	excellent	should	do	a	better	job	of	training	their	waitstaff	to	be	communicative	and	friendly	,	not	merely	capable	.
perhaps	had	we	not	gone	into	this	restaurant	believing	zahav	was	going	to	be	golden	as	its	name	suggests	-lrb-	and	as	the	many	golden	reviews	seem	to	attest	-rrb-	,	we	would	have	enjoyed	a	decent	little	expensive	experience	.
but	one	should	not	go	here	expecting	something	fantastic	,	unless	perhaps	you	've	never	had	middle	-	eastern	food	before	,	or	succulent	duck	,	tasty	lamb	,	decent	portion	sizes	or	actually	warm	chocolate	desserts	.
ps	-rrb-	when	we	called	for	a	reservation	,	we	were	told	that	5:00	and	9:30	were	their	only	openings	.
when	we	arrived	at	5	,	and	left	circa	7	,	there	were	the	same	4	or	5	empty	tables	surrounding	us	.
did	they	think	we	were	going	to	feel	lucky	to	get	any	reservation	at	all	,	and	therefore	be	more	pleased	with	our	dining	experience	?
must	read	-	do	not	waste	your	time	in	this	store	.
at	my	appointment	the	girl	helping	me	was	unable	to	adequately	lace	up	some	of	the	dresses	.
they	felt	like	they	were	going	to	fall	off	of	me	and	it	was	very	difficult	to	see	what	i	would	actually	look	like	were	i	to	purchase	some	of	these	dresses	.
i	thought	it	would	be	a	good	idea	to	see	how	a	few	that	i	liked	would	look	like	on	a	model	-lrb-	by	looking	the	dress	up	online	-rrb-	.
so	,	as	i	was	leaving	i	asked	for	the	designer	/	dress	name	or	style	number	associated	with	my	top	picks	.
they	said	they	were	"	unable	to	tell	me	until	they	ordered	my	dress	"	.
hmmm	...	a	person	can	not	call	a	company	,	if	you	have	no	idea	its	name	-lrb-	since	the	designer	is	unknown	...	supposedly	-rrb-	,	and	order	a	gown	without	a	dress	name	or	style	number	.
do	other	brides	fall	for	this	???
they	either	:	a	-rrb-	do	n't	want	to	give	it	to	me	because	they	do	n't	want	me	purchasing	the	dress	elsewhere	or	b	-rrb-	are	recreating	the	dresses	themselves	-lrb-	ie	stealing	other	designers	'	dress	designs	and	"	filling	the	orders	"	by	their	own	seamstresses	-rrb-	.
i	'm	no	detective	but	...	uhh	...	seriously	?!?
whatever	type	of	operation	they	are	running	,	i	'm	not	interested	and	if	you	're	smart	,	you	wo	n't	be	either	.
what	a	waste	of	time	.
aside	from	that	little	*	mystery	*	,	one	of	the	sales	ladies	was	quite	comfortable	telling	me	how	wrong	i	was	about	how	another	dress	that	i	loved	compared	to	one	of	her	dresses	that	i	was	trying	on	.
somehow	,	since	she	supposedly	does	n't	know	any	names	of	designers	/	dresses	,	after	i	told	her	the	designer	and	dress	name	of	the	one	i	was	comparing	,	she	knew	"	exactly	which	dress	"	i	was	referring	to	and	disagreed	with	my	observation	;	she	said	that	the	bodice	did	come	as	low	as	the	one	i	had	on	.
my	point	:	even	if	i	was	wrong	,	do	n't	sit	there	and	argue	with	the	customer	.
say	something	like	,	"	huh	.
i	did	n't	think	so	but	you	could	be	right	.	"
unless	you	want	to	take	the	"	tell	the	customer	how	wrong	she	is	and	try	and	force	her	into	a	dress	she	's	obviously	not	loving	"	approach	which	will	likely	get	you	...	uh	...	nowhere	.
seriously	:	do	not	waste	your	time	.
other	shops	around	this	city	have	much	nicer	and	more	transparent	owners	.
not	owners	that	seem	like	they	have	something	to	hide	and	know	nothing	about	common	courtesy	and	customer	service	.
i	felt	very	much	like	wedding	gallery	was	being	dishonest	and	i	would	n't	trust	them	to	lace	me	up	in	another	gown	let	alone	trust	them	with	the	gown	i	will	wear	on	the	most	important	day	of	my	life	.
awful	service	!
after	happily	visiting	sear's	automotives	in	the	past	,	i	was	shocked	at	the	horrible	service	received	at	their	greensboro	location	.
i	brought	my	car	in	on	a	sunday	to	replace	a	shredded	tire	.
i	waited	about	20	minutes	in	the	store	part	before	anyone	was	able	to	assist	me	and	was	then	told	to	pull	my	car	into	the	shop	-lrb-	that	is	apparently	what	you	are	supposed	to	do	,	but	the	big	signs	pointing	you	that	way	are	for	some	reason	kept	inside	the	garage	,	so	you	do	n't	see	them	drving	up	,	and	they	purposely	block	the	front	pull	-	up	that	all	other	sear's	use	-rrb-	.
once	inside	,	i	had	to	stand	around	for	at	least	10	more	minutes	before	--	finally	--	a	technician	got	to	me	.
once	i	returned	to	pick	up	my	car	,	you	can	believe	i	spent	quite	a	bit	more	time	standing	around	waiting	.
i	had	wanted	to	split	the	total	between	a	credit	card	and	check	card	since	i	was	being	reimbursed	for	the	tire	but	was	told	this	was	n't	possible	.
once	i	actually	got	back	in	my	car	,	it	was	dirty	and	had	grease	all	over	the	steering	wheel	.
ok	,	one	bad	experience	...	fine	.
the	following	friday	,	i	returned	with	my	car	to	go	ahead	and	replace	the	other	3	tires	,	which	were	worn	.
i	would	not	have	gone	back	,	but	i	could	n't	find	the	particular	tire	they	'd	used	in	stock	anywhere	else	.
once	again	,	i	waited	for	quite	a	bit	before	being	attended	to	.
i	got	the	order	completed	,	and	then	questioned	the	technician	since	it	came	out	about	$	40	less	than	i	expected	.
he	said	it	was	the	same	tire	,	and	verified	this	,	after	checking	both	the	actual	tire	on	my	car	and	my	service	papers	from	earlier	in	the	week	.
however	,	when	he	printed	out	the	service	quote	,	i	could	see	that	it	was	not	the	correct	tire	,	and	was	not	even	an	appropriate	tire	for	my	car	model	.
so	i	pointed	this	out	to	him	,	at	which	point	he	said	they	only	had	one	of	the	correct	tires	in	stock	.
ok	--	fine	.
so	i	got	just	my	other	rear	tire	replaced	.
they	promised	it	'd	be	done	within	an	hour	,	so	i	waited	in	the	lobby	.
over	two	hours	later	-lrb-	and	ten	minutes	before	they	closed	-rrb-	my	car	was	finally	finished	.
a	few	minutes	after	i	left	,	i	was	called	and	informed	that	"	i	"	left	my	wheel	lock	-lrb-	which	they	should	have	left	in	the	car	-rrb-	.
of	course	,	they	would	be	closing	in	5	minutes	,	so	i	would	have	to	hurry	up	or	get	it	the	next	day	.
of	course	i	could	n't	make	it	back	in	time	-lrb-	and	they	apparently	could	not	stay	5	extra	minutes	to	wait	for	me	-rrb-	.
the	next	day	,	no	one	could	find	my	wheel	lock	and	that	particular	technician	was	not	in	.
of	course	,	they	could	n't	call	him	either	to	ask	about	it	because	apparently	they	do	n't	keep	their	employees	'	phone	numbers	-lrb-	riiight	-rrb-	,	so	i	would	have	to	return	on	monday	-lrb-	driving	for	3	days	now	with	no	wheel	lock	should	i	get	a	flat	-rrb-	.
on	monday	i	called	and	again	it	was	a	big	to	-	do	to	find	anyone	who	knew	anything	about	it	.
supposedly	they	will	be	holding	it	for	me	this	evening	,	but	i	'm	sure	that	will	also	be	a	huge	ordeal	.
the	employees	at	this	sear's	are	completely	apathetic	and	there	did	n't	seem	to	be	any	sort	of	management	that	i	could	see	.
i	will	never	return	there	again	-lrb-	and	now	have	some	serious	doubts	about	the	quality	of	work	they	actually	performed	on	my	car	-rrb-	.
